Association analysis identifies 65 new breast cancer risk loci.
The Allelic Landscape of Human Blood Cell Trait Variation and Links to Common Complex Disease.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of 241,258 adults accounting for smoking behaviour identifies novel loci for obesity traits.
Large-scale association analysis identifies new lung cancer susceptibility loci and heterogeneity in genetic susceptibility across histological subtypes.
Genome-Wide Association Study of the Modified Stumvoll Insulin Sensitivity Index Identifies BCL2 and FAM19A2 as Novel Insulin Sensitivity Loci.
Genetic Associations with Gestational Duration and Spontaneous Preterm Birth.
Korean atrial fibrillation network genome-wide association study for early-onset atrial fibrillation identifies novel susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide physical activity interactions in adiposity - A meta-analysis of 200,452 adults.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility loci for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
An Unexpectedly Complex Architecture for Skin Pigmentation in Africans.
Genome-wide association studies in oesophageal adenocarcinoma and Barrett's oesophagus: a large-scale meta-analysis.
Whole-Genome Sequencing Coupled to Imputation Discovers Genetic Signals for Anthropometric Traits.
Genome-wide meta-analysis in alopecia areata resolves HLA associations and reveals two new susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide haplotype association study identify the FGFR2 gene as a risk gene for acute myeloid leukemia.
A large electronic-health-record-based genome-wide study of serum lipids.
A genetic variant near GATA3 implicated in inherited susceptibility and etiology of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) and lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS).
Genome- and CD4+ T-cell methylome-wide association study of circulating trimethylamine-N-oxide in the Genetics of Lipid Lowering Drugs and Diet Network (GOLDN).
Identification of Immune-Relevant Factors Conferring Sarcoidosis Genetic Risk.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of Breast, Ovarian, and Prostate Cancer Association Studies Identify Multiple New Susceptibility Loci Shared by at Least Two Cancer Types.
An extended genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility loci for nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel type II diabetes risk loci in Jordan subpopulations.
Genome-wide analysis in UK Biobank identifies four loci associated with mood instability and genetic correlation with major depressive disorder, anxiety disorder and schizophrenia.
Novel Blood Pressure Locus and Gene Discovery Using Genome-Wide Association Study and Expression Data Sets From Blood and the Kidney.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of IVGTT-Based Measures of First-Phase Insulin Secretion Refines the Underlying Physiology of Type 2 Diabetes Variants.
Genome-wide association studies of autoimmune vitiligo identify 23 new risk loci and highlight key pathways and regulatory variants.
Genome-wide admixture and association study of subclinical atherosclerosis in the Women's Interagency HIV Study (WIHS).
Genome-wide association study of coronary artery calcified atherosclerotic plaque in African Americans with type 2 diabetes.
Genome-Wide Study of Subcutaneous and Visceral Adipose Tissue Reveals Novel Sex-Specific Adiposity Loci in Mexican Americans.
HLA-A 31:01 is not associated with the development of methotrexate pneumonitis in the UK population: results from a genome-wide association study.
Genomewide association study of HLA alloimmunization in previously pregnant blood donors.
Immunochip-based analysis: high-density genotyping of immune-related loci sheds further light on the autoimmune genetic architecture of alopecia areata.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies a GLUL haplotype for familial hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Genetic Predisposition to an Impaired Metabolism of the Branched-Chain Amino Acids and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Mendelian Randomisation Analysis.
Polymorphisms in the Wilms Tumor Gene Are Associated With Interindividual Variations in Rubella Virus-Specific Cellular Immunity After Measles-Mumps-Rubella II Vaccination.
An Expanded Genome-Wide Association Study of Type 2 Diabetes in Europeans.
Genome-Wide Significance for PCLO as a Gene for Major Depressive Disorder.
A genome-wide association study identifies risk loci for spirometric measures among smokers of European and African ancestry.
Genome-wide association study of language performance in Alzheimer's disease.
Identification of Common Genetic Variants Influencing Spontaneous Dizygotic Twinning and Female Fertility.
Genome-wide haplotype-based association analysis of major depressive disorder in Generation Scotland and UK Biobank.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of HDL cholesterol response to statins.
Genome-wide association and pathway analysis of left ventricular function after anthracycline exposure in adults.
Genome-wide association study of cardiotoxicity in the NCCTG N9831 (Alliance) adjuvant trastuzumab trial.
A genome-wide association study suggests that MAPK14 is associated with diabetic foot ulcers.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Using a Custom Genotyping Array Identifies Variants in GPR158 Associated With Reduced Energy Expenditure in American Indians.
Discovery of susceptibility loci associated with tuberculosis in Han Chinese.
The Novel ASIC2 Locus is Associated with Severe Gingival Inflammation.
Large meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies five loci for lean body mass.
Trans-ethnic Fine Mapping Highlights Kidney-Function Genes Linked to Salt Sensitivity.
Genetic polymorphisms associated with pancreatic cancer survival: a genome-wide association study.
From Genotype to Phenotype: Nonsense Variants in SLC13A1 Are Associated with Decreased Serum Sulfate and Increased Serum Aminotransferases.
Shared Genetic Risk Factors of Intracranial, Abdominal, and Thoracic Aneurysms.
A genome-wide association study meta-analysis of clinical fracture in 10,012 African American women.
Male-specific association of the FCGR2A His167Arg polymorphism with Kawasaki disease.
Genomic and transcriptomic predictors of triglyceride response to regular exercise.
Bivariate genome-wide association meta-analysis of pediatric musculoskeletal traits reveals pleiotropic effects at the SREBF1/TOM1L2 locus.
Genome-wide association study of pigmentary traits (skin and iris color) in individuals of East Asian ancestry.
Genetic variation in the gene LRP2 increases relapse risk in multiple sclerosis.
Combining genomewide association study and lung eQTL analysis provides evidence for novel genes associated with asthma.
Cross-Cancer Genome-Wide Analysis of Lung, Ovary, Breast, Prostate, and Colorectal Cancer Reveals Novel Pleiotropic Associations.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Parathyroid Hormone.
Variants in CXCR4 associate with juvenile idiopathic arthritis susceptibility.
Original Research: A case-control genome-wide association study identifies genetic modifiers of fetal hemoglobin in sickle cell disease.
Identification of a Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Risk Locus Spanning ATG16L2, FCHSD2, and P2RY2 in Koreans.
A meta-analysis of reflux genome-wide association studies in 6750 Northern Europeans from the general population.
Clinical and Genetic Risk Factors for Acute Pancreatitis in Patients With Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
Analysis of 23andMe antidepressant efficacy survey data: implication of circadian rhythm and neuroplasticity in bupropion response.
Heritability and GWAS Studies for Monocyte-Lymphocyte Ratio.
Association of 3q13.32 variants with hip trochanter and intertrochanter bone mineral density identified by a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci of plaque burden in carotid artery.
HLA-B*38:02:01 predicts carbimazole/methimazole-induced agranulocytosis.
Analysis of five chronic inflammatory diseases identifies 27 new associations and highlights disease-specific patterns at shared loci.
Genetic analysis of advanced glycation end products in the DHS MIND study.
Genome-Wide Association Study Meta-Analysis of Long-Term Average Blood Pressure in East Asians.
Detection and interpretation of shared genetic influences on 42 human traits.
Association analyses of East Asian individuals and trans-ancestry analyses with European individuals reveal new loci associated with cholesterol and triglyceride levels.
Genome-wide association analyses using electronic health records identify new loci influencing blood pressure variation.
Genome-wide association study identifies 74 loci associated with educational attainment.
Bivariate genome-wide association study identifies novel pleiotropic loci for lipids and inflammation.
Identification of unique venous thromboembolism-susceptibility variants in African-Americans.
Genome-wide analysis identifies an african-specific variant in SEMA4D associated with body mass index.
The Genetic Landscape of Renal Complications in Type 1 Diabetes.
Genome-wide association analysis of actigraphic sleep phenotypes in the LIFE Adult Study.
Genome-wide association study suggests common variants within RP11-634B7.4 gene influencing severe pre-treatment pain in head and neck cancer patients.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals variants on chromosome 19 that contribute to childhood risk of chronic otitis media with effusion.
HLA-B*57:01 Confers Susceptibility to Pazopanib-Associated Liver Injury in Patients with Cancer.
Large-scale genome-wide analysis identifies genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function.
Exploration of haplotype research consortium imputation for genome-wide association studies in 20,032 Generation Scotland participants.
Genome-wide association study of primary sclerosing cholangitis identifies new risk loci and quantifies the genetic relationship with inflammatory bowel disease.
Genome-Wide Analyses Reveal Gene Influence on HIV Disease Progression and HIV-1C Acquisition in Southern Africa.
Genome-wide association scans for idiopathic osteonecrosis of the femoral head in a Korean population.
Genome-wide association study implicates immune activation of multiple integrin genes in inflammatory bowel disease.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder in Two High-Risk Populations.
GWAS of clinically defined gout and subtypes identifies multiple susceptibility loci that include urate transporter genes.
Genome-Wide Association and Exome Sequencing Study of Language Disorder in an Isolated Population.
Genome-wide association of familial prostate cancer cases identifies evidence for a rare segregating haplotype at 8q24.21.
Identification of four novel susceptibility loci for oestrogen receptor negative breast cancer.
Genome-wide environment interaction between depressive state and stressful life events.
Independent Maternal and Fetal Genetic Effects on Midgestational Circulating Levels of Environmental Pollutants.
A genome-wide association study in Caucasian women suggests the involvement of HLA genes in the severity of facial solar lentigines.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Genetic Variants Associated with Mathematics Ability.
New insights into the genetics of primary open-angle glaucoma based on meta-analyses of intraocular pressure and optic disc characteristics.
Genome-wide common and rare variant analysis provides novel insights into clozapine-associated neutropenia.
Genetic variation underlying renal uric acid excretion in Hispanic children: the Viva La Familia Study.
Genetic risk factors for the posterior cortical atrophy variant of Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study in essential tremor identifies three new loci.
Identification of genomic loci associated with resting heart rate and shared genetic predictors with all-cause mortality.
Genome-Wide Association Study of the Genetic Determinants of Emphysema Distribution.
Bortezomib-induced peripheral neuropathy: A genome-wide association study on multiple myeloma patients.
Genetic Determinants of 1,3-Butadiene Metabolism and Detoxification in Three Populations of Smokers with Different Risks of Lung Cancer.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies novel blood pressure loci and offers biological insights into cardiovascular risk.
Comparison of HapMap and 1000 Genomes Reference Panels in a Large-Scale Genome-Wide Association Study.
A Genomewide Association Study Identifies Two Sex-Specific Loci, at SPTB and IZUMO3, Influencing Pediatric Bone Mineral Density at Multiple Skeletal Sites.
GWAS for serum galactose-deficient IgA1 implicates critical genes of the O-glycosylation pathway.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of nonsyndromic orofacial clefts identify novel associations between FOXE1 and all orofacial clefts, and TP63 and cleft lip with or without cleft palate.
Genome-wide association study of Parkinson's disease in East Asians.
Effects of Multiple Genetic Loci on Age at Onset in Frontotemporal Dementia.
Transethnic meta-analysis identifies GSDMA and PRDM1 as susceptibility genes to systemic sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study identiﬁes HLA-DR variants conferring risk of HBV-related acute-on-chronic liver failure.
Genetic loci associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap with loci for lung function and pulmonary fibrosis.
Identification of Susceptibility Loci and Genes for Colorectal Cancer Risk.
Genetics of early-onset Parkinson's disease in Finland: exome sequencing and genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies pharmacogenomic loci linked with specific antihypertensive drug treatment and new-onset diabetes.
Genome-wide association study using the ethnicity-specific Japonica array: identification of new susceptibility loci for cold medicine-related Stevens-Johnson syndrome with severe ocular complications.
Identification of Functional and Expression Polymorphisms Associated With Risk for Antineutrophil Cytoplasmic Autoantibody-Associated Vasculitis.
Discovery and fine-mapping of loci associated with MUFAs through trans-ethnic meta-analysis in Chinese and European populations.
Sequence variant at 8q24.21 associates with sciatica caused by lumbar disc herniation.
Novel colon cancer susceptibility variants identified from a genome-wide association study in African Americans.
Transethnic genome-wide scan identifies novel Alzheimer's disease loci.
A Multinational Arab Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies New Genetic Associations for Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Two-stage genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility locus associated with melanoma.
Genome-wide association study identifies MAPT locus influencing human plasma tau levels.
Four Susceptibility Loci for Gallstone Disease Identified in a Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Genome-wide genetic analyses highlight mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling in the pathogenesis of endometriosis.
Genome-wide association study of therapeutic opioid dosing identifies a novel locus upstream of OPRM1.
A genome-wide association study of thyroid stimulating hormone and free thyroxine in Danish children and adolescents.
52 Genetic Loci Influencing Myocardial Mass.
Genome-wide association study identifies four novel loci associated with Alzheimer's endophenotypes and disease modifiers.
Genome-wide association screens for Achilles tendon and ACL tears and tendinopathy.
Genome-wide association study of plasma resistin levels identified rs1423096 and rs10401670 as possible functional variants in the Japanese population.
Body mass index change in gastrointestinal cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is associated with Dedicator of Cytokinesis 1.
Genome-wide association and replication study of anti-tuberculosis drugs-induced liver toxicity.
Genome-wide associations of CD46 and IFI44L genetic variants with neutralizing antibody response to measles vaccine.
African Ancestry-Specific Alleles and Kidney Disease Risk in Hispanics/Latinos.
Imputation of orofacial clefting data identifies novel risk loci and sheds light on the genetic background of cleft lip ± cleft palate and cleft palate only.
Genome-wide association reveals that common genetic variation in the kallikrein-kinin system is associated with serum L-arginine levels.
A genome-wide association study of emotion dysregulation: Evidence for interleukin 2 receptor alpha.
Genome-wide association analyses for lung function and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease identify new loci and potential druggable targets.
Genome-wide association study of prostate-specific antigen levels identifies novel loci independent of prostate cancer.
Genome-wide association analysis of chronic lymphocytic leukaemia, Hodgkin lymphoma and multiple myeloma identifies pleiotropic risk loci.
Novel genetic loci associated with hippocampal volume.
Large-scale analyses of common and rare variants identify 12 new loci associated with atrial fibrillation.
Bivariate genome-wide association analyses identified genetic pleiotropic effects for bone mineral density and alcohol drinking in Caucasians.
The CAPN2/CAPN8 Locus on Chromosome 1q Is Associated with Variation in Serum Alpha-Carotene Concentrations.
Genome-wide association study in takotsubo syndrome - Preliminary results and future directions.
A genome-wide interaction analysis of tricyclic/tetracyclic antidepressants and RR and QT intervals: a pharmacogenomics study from the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology (CHARGE) consortium.
Genetic contributions to self-reported tiredness.
Identification of Genetic Variants Linking Protein C and Lipoprotein Metabolism: The ARIC Study (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities).
Genome-wide association study identifies WNT7B as a novel locus for central corneal thickness in Latinos.
Association between genetic variation within vitamin D receptor-DNA binding sites and risk of basal cell carcinoma.
Rare genetic variants in SMAP1, B3GAT2, and RIMS1 contribute to pediatric venous thromboembolism.
Large-Scale Cognitive GWAS Meta-Analysis Reveals Tissue-Specific Neural Expression and Potential Nootropic Drug Targets.
New variants near RHOJ and C2, HLA-DRA region and susceptibility to endometriosis in the Polish population-The genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide analysis of the response to inhaled β2-agonists in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide associated loci influencing interleukin (IL)-10, IL-1Ra, and IL-6 levels in African Americans.
Genome-wide association study of clinical parameters in immunoglobulin light chain amyloidosis in three patient cohorts.
Genome-Wide Association Study Implicates Atrial Natriuretic Peptide Rather Than B-Type Natriuretic Peptide in the Regulation of Blood Pressure in the General Population.
A Genome-wide Association Study of Dupuytren Disease Reveals 17 Additional Variants Implicated in Fibrosis.
Molecular genetic evidence for overlap between general cognitive ability and risk for schizophrenia: a report from the Cognitive Genomics consorTium (COGENT).
Beta-defensin 1, aryl hydrocarbon receptor and plasma kynurenine in major depressive disorder: metabolomics-informed genomics.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies a Candidate Gene Associated With Atazanavir Exposure Measured in Hair.
Genetic association with B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia in allogeneic transplant patients differs by age and sex.
Genome-wide association study identifies 112 new loci for body mass index in the Japanese population.
Multiethnic GWAS Reveals Polygenic Architecture of Earlobe Attachment.
Genetic Variants Contributing to Circulating Matrix Metalloproteinase 8 Levels and Their Association With Cardiovascular Diseases: A Genome-Wide Analysis.
A combined analysis of genetically correlated traits identifies 187 loci and a role for neurogenesis and myelination in intelligence.
Metformin pharmacogenomics: a genome-wide association study to identify genetic and epigenetic biomarkers involved in metformin anticancer response using human lymphoblastoid cell lines.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study of 21,000 cases and 95,000 controls identifies new risk loci for atopic dermatitis.
Genome-wide association study identifies SESTD1 as a novel risk gene for lithium-responsive bipolar disorder.
Meta-analysis of Genome Wide Association Studies Identifies Genetic Markers of Late Toxicity Following Radiotherapy for Prostate Cancer.
Genetic risk of prostate cancer in Ugandan men.
Trans-ethnic Evaluation Identifies Novel Low Frequency Loci Associated with 25-Hydroxyvitamin D Concentrations.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Peripheral Arterial Disease in a Japanese Population.
Meta-analysis identifies common and rare variants influencing blood pressure and overlapping with metabolic trait loci.
Genome-wide association study of neovascular age-related macular degeneration in the Thai population.
Genome-wide association study of serum coenzyme Q10 levels identifies susceptibility loci linked to neuronal diseases.
Genome-wide Analysis of Disease Progression in Age-related Macular Degeneration.
Genetic factors affecting EBV copy number in lymphoblastoid cell lines derived from the 1000 Genome Project samples.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel determinants of circulating serum progranulin.
Identification of 153 new loci associated with heel bone mineral density and functional involvement of GPC6 in osteoporosis.
Overexpression of the Cytokine BAFF and Autoimmunity Risk.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies 17 new Parkinson's disease risk loci.
GWAS analysis of handgrip and lower body strength in older adults in the CHARGE consortium.
Genome wide meta-analysis highlights the role of genetic variation in RARRES2 in the regulation of circulating serum chemerin.
GWAS in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia reveals novel genetic associations at chromosomes 17q12 and 8q24.21.
Common variants at PVT1, ATG13-AMBRA1, AHI1 and CLEC16A are associated with selective IgA deficiency.
Large-scale GWAS identifies multiple loci for hand grip strength providing biological insights into muscular fitness.
A genome-wide association study confirms PNPLA3 and identifies TM6SF2 and MBOAT7 as risk loci for alcohol-related cirrhosis.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Dietary Pattern Scores.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis on apolipoprotein A-IV concentrations.
Genome-wide association study of subcortical brain volume in PTSD cases and trauma-exposed controls.
A large-scale replication study identifies TNIP1, PRDM1, JAZF1, UHRF1BP1 and IL10 as risk loci for systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of stratified depression in Generation Scotland and UK Biobank.
Interaction of iron status with single nucleotide polymorphisms on incidence of type 2 diabetes.
A genome-wide association study suggests the HLA Class II region as the major susceptibility locus for IgA vasculitis.
Real-life helping behaviours in North America: A genome-wide association approach.
Splicing variant of WDFY4 augments MDA5 signalling and the risk of clinically amyopathic dermatomyositis.
Polygenic risk score and heritability estimates reveals a genetic relationship between ASD and OCD.
Constitutional variants are not associated with HER2-positive breast cancer: results from the SIGNAL/PHARE clinical cohort.
Genome-wide association studies identify genetic loci for low von Willebrand factor levels.
Genetic Determinants of Circulating Estrogen Levels, and Evidence of a Causal Effect of Estradiol on Bone Density in Men.
A thrifty variant in CREBRF strongly influences body mass index in Samoans.
A genome-wide association study in the Japanese population identifies the 12q24 locus for habitual coffee consumption: The J-MICC Study.
Genome-wide Association Study of Susceptibility to Particulate Matter-Associated QT Prolongation.
Detection of susceptibility loci on APOA5 and COLEC12 associated with metabolic syndrome using a genome-wide association study in a Taiwanese population.
Epistatic Gene-Based Interaction Analyses for Glaucoma in eMERGE and NEIGHBOR Consortium.
Fifteen Genetic Loci Associated With the Electrocardiographic P Wave.
Whole-genome sequence-based analysis of thyroid function.
A Genome-wide Association Study of Nonsyndromic Cleft Palate Identifies an Etiologic Missense Variant in GRHL3.
Fine mapping of type 1 diabetes susceptibility loci and evidence for colocalization of causal variants with lymphoid gene enhancers.
A Genome-wide Study of Common and Rare Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Thrombin Activatable Fibrinolysis Inhibitor.
Variation in the glucose transporter gene SLC2A2 is associated with glycemic response to metformin.
Genes and pathways underlying susceptibility to impaired lung function in the context of environmental tobacco smoke exposure.
Rare coding variants in PLCG2, ABI3, and TREM2 implicate microglial-mediated innate immunity in Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association analyses identify new risk variants and the genetic architecture of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Common, low-frequency, and rare genetic variants associated with lipoprotein subclasses and triglyceride measures in Finnish men from the METSIM study.
Association analyses based on false discovery rate implicate new loci for coronary artery disease.
Variation at HLA-DPB1 is associated with dermatomyositis in Chinese population.
Genome-wide association analysis of pain severity in dysmenorrhea identifies association at chromosome 1p13.2, near the nerve growth factor locus.
Identification of 64 Novel Genetic Loci Provides an Expanded View on the Genetic Architecture of Coronary Artery Disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies ABCG2 (BCRP) as an allopurinol transporter and a determinant of drug response.
Genome-wide association study of response to cognitive-behavioural therapy in children with anxiety disorders.
Multiancestry association study identifies new asthma risk loci that colocalize with immune-cell enhancer marks.
KAT2B polymorphism identified for drug abuse in African Americans with regulatory links to drug abuse pathways in human prefrontal cortex.
The PHF21B gene is associated with major depression and modulates the stress response.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies 8 novel loci involved in shape variation of human head hair.
A genome-wide association study of cognitive function in Chinese adult twins.
Common genetic variation in ETV6 is associated with colorectal cancer susceptibility.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Radiographic Knee Osteoarthritis in North American Caucasians.
A genome-wide association study of non-HPV-related head and neck squamous cell carcinoma identifies prognostic genetic sequence variants in the MAP-kinase and hormone pathways.
The SNP-set based association study identifies ITGA1 as a susceptibility gene of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide meta-analyses identifies novel taxane-induced peripheral neuropathy-associated loci.
Variants at HLA-A, HLA-C, and HLA-DQB1 Confer Risk of Psoriasis Vulgaris in Japanese.
Low-Frequency Synonymous Coding Variation in CYP2R1 Has Large Effects on Vitamin D Levels and Risk of Multiple Sclerosis.
Novel genetic risk factors for asthma in African American children: Precision Medicine and the SAGE II Study.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Male Sexual Orientation.
Association analysis in over 329,000 individuals identifies 116 independent variants influencing neuroticism.
Sulfasalazine-Induced Agranulocytosis Is Associated With the Human Leukocyte Antigen Locus.
A Powerful Procedure for Pathway-Based Meta-analysis Using Summary Statistics Identifies 43 Pathways Associated with Type II Diabetes in European Populations.
Identification of genetic variants associated with Huntington's disease progression: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol dependence:significant findings in African- and European-Americans including novel risk loci.
Genome-wide association studies of placebo and duloxetine response in major depressive disorder.
Pharmacogenetic Discovery in CALGB (Alliance) 90401 and Mechanistic Validation of a VAC14 Polymorphism that Increases Risk of Docetaxel-Induced Neuropathy.
Genetic signatures of high-altitude adaptation in Tibetans.
A central role for GRB10 in regulation of islet function in man.
Two novel loci, COBL and SLC10A2, for Alzheimer's disease in African Americans.
A family-based genome-wide association study of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps implicates several genes in the disease pathogenesis.
A large multi-ethnic genome-wide association study identifies novel genetic loci for intraocular pressure.
Identification of four new susceptibility loci for testicular germ cell tumour.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for multiple myeloma.
An association study revealed substantial effects of dominance, epistasis and substance dependence co-morbidity on alcohol dependence symptom count.
Association of Polygenic Score for Schizophrenia and HLA Antigen and Inflammation Genes With Response to Lithium in Bipolar Affective Disorder: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies five new susceptibility loci for primary angle closure glaucoma.
Multi-dimensional bone density phenotyping reveals new insights in to genetic regulation of the pediatric skeleton.
Genome-wide association study of delay discounting in 23,217 adult research participants of European ancestry.
ImmunoChip study implicates antigen presentation to T cells in narcolepsy.
Genome-wide association analyses identify new susceptibility loci for oral cavity and pharyngeal cancer.
Impact of common genetic determinants of Hemoglobin A1c on type 2 diabetes risk and diagnosis in ancestrally diverse populations: A transethnic genome-wide meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association of polycystic ovary syndrome implicates alterations in gonadotropin secretion in European ancestry populations.
Genetic variants in RBFOX3 are associated with sleep latency.
A Large Genome-Wide Association Study of Age-Related Hearing Impairment Using Electronic Health Records.
Dense genotyping identifies and localizes multiple common and rare variant association signals in celiac disease.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis in multiple populations identifies new loci for peanut allergy and establishes C11orf30/EMSY as a genetic risk factor for food allergy.
GWAS of Suicide Attempt in Psychiatric Disorders and Association With Major Depression Polygenic Risk Scores.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of Multiple Keratinocyte Cancers.
Genome-wide association study of habitual physical activity in over 377,000 UK Biobank participants identifies multiple variants including CADM2 and APOE.
Bivariate genome-wide association analysis strengthens the role of bitter receptor clusters on chromosomes 7 and 12 in human bitter taste.
Novel genetic associations for blood pressure identified via gene-alcohol interaction in up to 570K individuals across multiple ancestries.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies new loci and functional pathways influencing Alzheimer's disease risk.
Genome-wide association analysis of dementia and its clinical endophenotypes reveal novel loci associated with Alzheimer's disease and three causality networks: The GR@ACE project.
Sex differences in the genetic predictors of Alzheimer's pathology.
Genetic variation in the Estonian population: pharmacogenomics study of adverse drug effects using electronic health records.
A catalog of genetic loci associated with kidney function from analyses of a million individuals.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease endophenotypes at prediagnosis stages.
Variants in WFS1 and Other Mendelian Deafness Genes Are Associated with Cisplatin-Associated Ototoxicity.
Identification of five novel genetic loci related to facial morphology by genome-wide association studies.
New insight into human sweet taste: a genome-wide association study of the perception and intake of sweet substances.
The Interplay Between Risky Sexual Behaviors and Alcohol Dependence: Genome-Wide Association and Neuroimaging Support for LHPP as a Risk Gene.
NRXN1 is associated with enlargement of the temporal horns of the lateral ventricles in psychosis.
Genome-Wide Association Study on Immunoglobulin G Glycosylation Patterns.
Identification of a novel locus on chromosome 2q13, which predisposes to clinical vertebral fractures independently of bone density.
Exome Chip Meta-analysis Fine Maps Causal Variants and Elucidates the Genetic Architecture of Rare Coding Variants in Smoking and Alcohol Use.
Genome-wide association study in two populations to determine genetic variants associated with Toxoplasma gondii infection and relationship to schizophrenia risk.
Discovery of common and rare genetic risk variants for colorectal cancer.
A genome-wide association study identifying RAP1A as a novel susceptibility gene for Crohn's disease in Japanese individuals.
Identification of Novel T1D Risk Loci and Their Association With Age and Islet Function at Diagnosis in Autoantibody-Positive T1D Individuals: Based on a Two-Stage Genome-Wide Association Study.
Clinical and genetic risk factors for decreased bone mineral density in Japanese patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
Association of Genetic Liability to Psychotic Experiences With Neuropsychotic Disorders and Traits.
Human longevity: 25 genetic loci associated in 389,166 UK biobank participants.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for body fat distribution in 694,649 individuals of European ancestry.
The genetic component of bicuspid aortic valve and aortic dilation. An exome-wide association study.
A genome-wide cross-trait analysis from UK Biobank highlights the shared genetic architecture of asthma and allergic diseases.
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and lifetime cannabis use: genetic overlap and causality.
Mapping eGFR loci to the renal transcriptome and phenome in the VA Million Veteran Program.
Co-regulatory networks of human serum proteins link genetics to disease.
Genetic Influences on Susceptibility to Rheumatoid Arthritis in African-Americans.
Interethnic analyses of blood pressure loci in populations of East Asian and European descent.
Joint sequencing of human and pathogen genomes reveals the genetics of pneumococcal meningitis.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Familial Lung Cancer.
Social and non-social autism symptoms and trait domains are genetically dissociable.
Genome-wide meta-analysis and replication studies in multiple ethnicities identify novel adolescent idiopathic scoliosis susceptibility loci.
Heritability and Genome-Wide Association Study of Plasma Cholesterol in Chinese Adult Twins.
Genetic predisposition to PEG-asparaginase hypersensitivity in children treated according to NOPHO ALL2008.
Pharmacogenomics and Placebo Response in a Randomized Clinical Trial in Asthma.
Consortium genome-wide meta-analysis for childhood dental caries traits.
The complex genetics of gait speed: genome-wide meta-analysis approach.
Red blood cell distribution width: Genetic evidence for aging pathways in 116,666 volunteers.
Gastroesophageal reflux GWAS identifies risk loci that also associate with subsequent severe esophageal diseases.
Genetic association study of eight steroid hormones and implications for sexual dimorphism of coronary artery disease.
Genome-wide Association Study of Maximum Habitual Alcohol Intake in >140,000 U.S. European and African American Veterans Yields Novel Risk Loci.
Transethnic, Genome-Wide Analysis Reveals Immune-Related Risk Alleles and Phenotypic Correlates in Pediatric Steroid-Sensitive Nephrotic Syndrome.
Polymorphisms in B3GAT1, SLC9A9 and MGAT5 are associated with variation within the human plasma N-glycome of 3533 European adults.
THBS2 Is a Candidate Modifier of Liver Disease Severity in Alagille Syndrome.
Early-onset autoimmune vitiligo associated with an enhancer variant haplotype that upregulates class II HLA expression.
Significant shared heritability underlies suicide attempt and clinically predicted probability of attempting suicide.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility loci for migraine in Han Chinese resided in Taiwan.
Associations Between Genetic Data and Quantitative Assessment of Normal Facial Asymmetry.
Moderating effect of mode of delivery on the genetics of intelligence: Explorative genome-wide analyses in ALSPAC.
Genome-wide association study of treatment-resistance in depression and meta-analysis of three independent samples.
A Genome-wide Association Study Identifies Risk Alleles in Plasminogen and P4HA2 Associated with Giant Cell Arteritis.
Common Variants at Putative Regulatory Sites of the Tissue Nonspecific Alkaline Phosphatase Gene Influence Circulating Pyridoxal 5'-Phosphate Concentration in Healthy Adults.
Genetic factors define CPO and CLO subtypes of nonsyndromicorofacial cleft.
Loci for human leukocyte telomere length in the Singaporean Chinese population and trans-ethnic genetic studies.
Genetic heterogeneity of Alzheimer's disease in subjects with and without hypertension.
Family-based genome-wide association of inflammation biomarkers and fenofibrate treatment response in the GOLDN study.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of Estimated Fatty Acid Desaturase Activity in Serum and Adipose Tissue in Elderly Individuals: Associations with Insulin Sensitivity.
Genetic markers for urine haptoglobin is associated with decline in renal function in type 2 diabetes in East Asians.
Association of Novel ALX4 Gene Polymorphisms with Antidepressant Treatment Response: Findings from the CO-MED Trial.
Using metabolite profiling to construct and validate a metabolite risk score for predicting future weight gain.
Genetic heterogeneity in self-reported depressive symptoms identified through genetic analyses of the PHQ-9.
Detecting past and ongoing natural selection among ethnically Tibetan women at high altitude in Nepal.
Genome-wide association study identifies 14 previously unreported susceptibility loci for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis in Japanese.
Variants in the FTO and CDKAL1 loci have recessive effects on risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes, respectively.
Elucidating the genetic basis of social interaction and isolation.
Genome-wide Association Study for Tumour Stage, Grade, Size, and Age at Diagnosis of Non-muscle-invasive Bladder Cancer.
Discovery of the first genome-wide significant risk loci for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Sixteen new lung function signals identified through 1000 Genomes Project reference panel imputation.
Leveraging Polygenic Functional Enrichment to Improve GWAS Power.
Genetic association and differential expression of PITX2 with acute appendicitis.
Differential Aging Analysis in Human Cerebral Cortex Identifies Variants in TMEM106B and GRN that Regulate Aging Phenotypes.
Sex differences in the genetic architecture of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Using Bayes model averaging to leverage both gene main effects and G ×  E interactions to identify genomic regions in genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study of cervical cancer suggests a role for ARRDC3 gene in human papillomavirus infection.
Impact of IFNL4 Genetic Variants on Sustained Virologic Response and Viremia in Hepatitis C Virus Genotype 3 Patients.
A genome-wide association study implicates that the TTC39C gene is associated with diabetic maculopathy with decreased visual acuity.
Polygenic risk score, genome-wide association, and gene set analyses of cognitive domain deficits in schizophrenia.
Subtype-Specific Inherited Predisposition to Pemphigus in Chinese Population.
Correlation between eosinophil count, its genetic background and body mass index: The Nagahama Study.
Modifier Gene Candidates in Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 1A: A Case-Only Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Latent Cognitive Measures in Adolescence: Genetic Overlap With Intelligence and Education.
Genetics of Chronic Kidney Disease Stages Across Ancestries: The PAGE Study.
International meta-analysis of PTSD genome-wide association studies identifies sex- and ancestry-specific genetic risk loci.
Genome-wide association studies of the self-rating of effects of ethanol (SRE).
Multi-Ancestry Genome-Wide Association Study of Lipid Levels Incorporating Gene-Alcohol Interactions.
The Promise of Selecting Individuals from the Extremes of Exposure in the Analysis of Gene-Physical Activity Interactions.
Genetic risk score raises the risk of incidence of chronic kidney disease in Korean general population-based cohort.
Association of Genetic Variants Related to Gluteofemoral vs Abdominal Fat Distribution With Type 2 Diabetes, Coronary Disease, and Cardiovascular Risk Factors.
Genetic associations with radiological damage in rheumatoid arthritis: Meta-analysis of seven genome-wide association studies of 2,775 cases.
Genetic Identification of Two Novel Loci Associated with Steroid-Sensitive Nephrotic Syndrome.
Evidence for genetic contribution to the increased risk of type 2 diabetes in schizophrenia.
The genomic basis of mood instability: identification of 46 loci in 363,705 UK Biobank participants, genetic correlation with psychiatric disorders, and association with gene expression and function.
Novel Genetic Locus Influencing Retinal Venular Tortuosity Is Also Associated With Risk of Coronary Artery Disease.
Variant Discovery and Fine Mapping of Genetic Loci Associated with Blood Pressure Traits in Hispanics and African Americans.
Genetic overlap between autoimmune diseases and non-Hodgkin lymphoma subtypes.
New genetic loci link adipose and insulin biology to body fat distribution.
A genome-wide association study of n-3 and n-6 plasma fatty acids in a Singaporean Chinese population.
Genetic contributions to variation in general cognitive function: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in the CHARGE consortium (N=53949).
Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies Identifies Novel Loci Associated With Optic Disc Morphology.
Genome-wide association study of toxic metals and trace elements reveals novel associations.
A genome-wide approach to children's aggressive behavior: The EAGLE consortium.
Identification of a Novel Mucin Gene HCG22 Associated With Steroid-Induced Ocular Hypertension.
Genome wide association study of uric acid in Indian population and interaction of identified variants with Type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of plasma levels of polychlorinated biphenyls disclose an association with the CYP2B6 gene in a population-based sample.
Genome-wide association study of parity in Bangladeshi women.
A genome-wide assessment of variability in human serum metabolism.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies multiple novel associations and ethnic heterogeneity of psoriasis susceptibility.
Genome-wide genotyping demonstrates a polygenic risk score associated with white matter hyperintensity volume in CADASIL.
Impact of four loci on serum tamsulosin hydrochloride concentration.
The obesity-risk variant of FTO is inversely related with the So-Eum constitutional type: genome-wide association and replication analyses.
Discovery and fine mapping of serum protein loci through transethnic meta-analysis.
Genome-wide genetic investigation of serological measures of common infections.
A PAX1 enhancer locus is associated with susceptibility to idiopathic scoliosis in females.
Variants close to NTRK2 gene are associated with birth weight in female twins.
A novel Alzheimer disease locus located near the gene encoding tau protein.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Loci Associated With Diisocyanate-Induced Occupational Asthma.
Meta-analysis of new genome-wide association studies of colorectal cancer risk.
Common variation near ROBO2 is associated with expressive vocabulary in infancy.
ARHGEF12 influences the risk of glaucoma by increasing intraocular pressure.
Identification of Susceptibility Loci in IL6, RPS9/LILRB3, and an Intergenic Locus on Chromosome 21q22 in Takayasu Arteritis in a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Identification of genetic variants or genes that are associated with Homoharringtonine (HHT) response through a genome-wide association study in human lymphoblastoid cell lines (LCLs).
A genome-wide meta-analysis identifies two novel loci associated with high myopia in the Han Chinese population.
A variant in LDLR is associated with abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Pharmacodynamic genome-wide association study identifies new responsive loci for glucocorticoid intervention in asthma.
HLA-C*01 is a Risk Factor for Crohn's Disease.
Genetic variants associated with motion sickness point to roles for inner ear development, neurological processes and glucose homeostasis.
Genetic loci associated with circulating phospholipid trans fatty acids: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from the CHARGE Consortium.
Genetic variants in PLG, LPA, and SIGLEC 14 as well as smoking contribute to plasma plasminogen levels.
Genome-wide association study for the interaction between BMR and BMI in obese Korean women including overweight.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for glioma.
A genome-wide association study shows that common alleles of SMAD7 influence colorectal cancer risk.
HLA-DQA1-HLA-DRB1 variants confer susceptibility to pancreatitis induced by thiopurine immunosuppressants.
A genome-wide search for quantitative trait loci affecting the cortical surface area and thickness of Heschl's gyrus.
VPS13D Gene Variant Is Associated with Altered IL-6 Production and Mortality in Septic Shock.
Genome-wide search followed by replication reveals genetic interaction of CD80 and ALOX5AP associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in Asian populations.
Modulation of genetic associations with serum urate levels by body-mass-index in humans.
Genetic variants in LEKR1 and GALNT10 modulate sex-difference in carotid intima-media thickness: a genome-wide interaction study.
Common genes underlying asthma and COPD? Genome-wide analysis on the Dutch hypothesis.
Genome-wide association study of survival in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies 25 known breast cancer susceptibility loci as risk factors for triple-negative breast cancer.
Genome-wide association analyses identify three new susceptibility loci for primary angle closure glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study and admixture mapping reveal new loci associated with total IgE levels in Latinos.
Genome wide association study identifies a novel putative mammographic density locus at 1q12-q21.
Familial aggregation of common sequence variants on 15q24-25.1 in lung cancer.
Genome-wide association study in Chinese men identifies two new prostate cancer risk loci at 9q31.2 and 19q13.4.
Gene by stress genome-wide interaction analysis and path analysis identify EBF1 as a cardiovascular and metabolic risk gene.
A common variant mapping to CACNA1A is associated with susceptibility to exfoliation syndrome.
Are C-reactive protein associated genetic variants associated with serum levels and retinal markers of microvascular pathology in Asian populations from Singapore?
GWAS findings for human iris patterns: associations with variants in genes that influence normal neuronal pattern development.
A genome-wide association study of periodontitis in a Japanese population.
Genome wide identification of new genes and pathways in patients with both autoimmune thyroiditis and type 1 diabetes.
Identifying genetic loci associated with antidepressant drug response with drug-gene interaction models in a population-based study.
Pathway Analysis of Metabolic Syndrome Using a Genome-Wide Association Study of Korea Associated Resource (KARE) Cohorts.
New loci and coding variants confer risk for age-related macular degeneration in East Asians.
HLA-DQB1*03 confers susceptibility to chronic hepatitis C in Japanese: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association analysis of blood biomarkers in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide association analysis with gray matter volume as a quantitative phenotype in first-episode treatment-naïve patients with schizophrenia.
Shared genetic contribution to Ischaemic Stroke and Alzheimer's Disease.
Large-scale association analysis provides insights into the genetic architecture and pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes.
Seven newly identified loci for autoimmune thyroid disease.
Genetic variants associated with susceptibility to idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis in people of European ancestry: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study to identify variants associated with acute severe vaso-occlusive pain in sickle cell anemia.
Novel genetic polymorphisms associated with severe malaria and under selective pressure in North-eastern Tanzania.
Multi-ethnic Meta-analysis Identifies RAI1 as a Possible Obstructive Sleep Apnea Related Quantitative Trait Locus in Men.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol consumption and genetic overlap with other health-related traits in UK Biobank (N=112 117).
Re-analysis of public genetic data reveals a rare X-chromosomal variant associated with type 2 diabetes.
Genetic Variants in the Bone Morphogenic Protein Gene Family Modify the Association between Residential Exposure to Traffic and Peripheral Arterial Disease.
Rare and Common Variants Conferring Risk of Tooth Agenesis.
The Influence of Age and Sex on Genetic Associations with Adult Body Size and Shape: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Interaction Study.
Meta-analysis of GWAS of over 16,000 individuals with autism spectrum disorder highlights a novel locus at 10q24.32 and a significant overlap with schizophrenia.
Large-scale genomic analyses link reproductive aging to hypothalamic signaling, breast cancer susceptibility and BRCA1-mediated DNA repair.
Genome-wide association and HLA region fine-mapping studies identify susceptibility loci for multiple common infections.
Genome-wide association and interaction studies of CSF T-tau/Aβ42 ratio in ADNI cohort.
Genetic Risk Variants Associated With Comorbid Alcohol Dependence and Major Depression.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis on lipoprotein (a) concentrations adjusted for apolipoprotein (a) isoforms.
Common variants in MMP20 at 11q22.2 predispose to 11q deletion and neuroblastoma risk.
Genome-wide association study of glioma subtypes identifies specific differences in genetic susceptibility to glioblastoma and non-glioblastoma tumors.
Human leukocyte antigen variants and risk of hepatocellular carcinoma modified by hepatitis C virus genotypes: A genome-wide association study.
Multi-trait analysis of genome-wide association summary statistics using MTAG.
A chromosome 5q31.1 locus associates with tuberculin skin test reactivity in HIV-positive individuals from tuberculosis hyper-endemic regions in east Africa.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for craniofacial microsomia.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple novel loci associated with disease progression in subjects with mild cognitive impairment.
SLCO1B1 polymorphisms and plasma estrone conjugates in postmenopausal women with ER+ breast cancer: genome-wide association studies of the estrone pathway.
Genome-wide analysis identifies 12 loci influencing human reproductive behavior.
Genetic variants associated with subjective well-being, depressive symptoms, and neuroticism identified through genome-wide analyses.
Genome-wide association study confirms lung cancer susceptibility loci on chromosomes 5p15 and 15q25 in an African-American population.
Association of Liver Injury From Specific Drugs, or Groups of Drugs, With Polymorphisms in HLA and Other Genes in a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide association study of colorectal cancer in Hispanics.
Antiphospholipid antibodies in a large population-based cohort: genome-wide associations and effects on monocyte gene expression.
Pooled analysis of genome-wide association studies of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 3 (CIN3) identifies a new susceptibility locus.
Genome-wide analyses of non-syndromic cleft lip with palate identify 14 novel loci and genetic heterogeneity.
Identification of additional risk loci for stroke and small vessel disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide analysis of clopidogrel active metabolite levels identifies novel variants that influence antiplatelet response.
Genome-wide Trans-ethnic Meta-analysis Identifies Seven Genetic Loci Influencing Erythrocyte Traits and a Role for RBPMS in Erythropoiesis.
Genome-wide association study of paliperidone efficacy.
Identification of a novel locus associated with skin colour in African-admixed populations.
Genome-wide study of resistant hypertension identified from electronic health records.
Genome-wide association study of sepsis in extremely premature infants.
Risk prediction of pulmonary tuberculosis using genetic and conventional risk factors in adult Korean population.
Identification of six new genetic loci associated with atrial fibrillation in the Japanese population.
Smokescreen: a targeted genotyping array for addiction research.
Genome-wide association study of colorectal cancer identifies six new susceptibility loci.
Multiethnic genome-wide meta-analysis of ectopic fat depots identifies loci associated with adipocyte development and differentiation.
Five endometrial cancer risk loci identified through genome-wide association analysis.
Genetic association and stress mediated down-regulation in trabecular meshwork implicates MPP7 as a novel candidate gene in primary open angle glaucoma.
The genetics of blood pressure regulation and its target organs from association studies in 342,415 individuals.
New Locus for Skin Intrinsic Fluorescence in Type 1 Diabetes Also Associated With Blood and Skin Glycated Proteins.
Genomic variants at 20p11 associated with body fat mass in the European population.
Pleiotropic Meta-Analyses of Longitudinal Studies Discover Novel Genetic Variants Associated with Age-Related Diseases.
Genome-Wide Association and Replication Study of Hepatotoxicity Induced by Antiretrovirals Alone or with Concomitant Anti-Tuberculosis Drugs.
Interaction between Single Nucleotide Polymorphism and Urinary Sodium, Potassium, and Sodium-Potassium Ratio on the Risk of Hypertension in Korean Adults.
A new locus regulating MICALL2 expression was identified for association with executive inhibition in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies for Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm Identifies Four New Disease-Specific Risk Loci.
Genome-wide analysis of over 106 000 individuals identifies 9 neuroticism-associated loci.
LRRK2 but not ATG16L1 is associated with Paneth cell defect in Japanese Crohn's disease patients.
Genome-wide association study of corticobasal degeneration identifies risk variants shared with progressive supranuclear palsy.
Genome-wide association study in East Asians suggests UHMK1 as a novel bone mineral density susceptibility gene.
Genetic Overlap Between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder and Bipolar Disorder: Evidence From Genome-wide Association Study Meta-analysis.
Genome-Wide Study of Response to Platinum, Taxane, and Combination Therapy in Ovarian Cancer: In vitro Phenotypes, Inherited Variation, and Disease Recurrence.
GWAS meta-analysis of 16 852 women identifies new susceptibility locus for endometrial cancer.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies variation in vitamin D receptor and other host factors influencing the gut microbiota.
Genome-wide association analyses of sleep disturbance traits identify new loci and highlight shared genetics with neuropsychiatric and metabolic traits.
Genetic architecture differences between pediatric and adult-onset inflammatory bowel diseases in the Polish population.
Genome-wide interaction study of dust mite allergen on lung function in children with asthma.
Genome-wide Association Study of Cannabis Dependence Severity, Novel Risk Variants, and Shared Genetic Risks.
Common genetic variation and risk of gallbladder cancer in India: a case-control genome-wide association study.
Genome-Wide Association Analyses in 128,266 Individuals Identifies New Morningness and Sleep Duration Loci.
Genome-Wide Association of Heroin Dependence in Han Chinese.
Somatic, positive and negative domains of the Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression (CES-D) scale: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genetic variation at 16q24.2 is associated with small vessel stroke.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Loneliness Demonstrates a Role for Common Variation.
Genetic associations with neuroendocrine tumor risk: results from a genome-wide association study.
Whole-genome sequencing identifies rare genotypes in COMP and CHADL associated with high risk of hip osteoarthritis.
Genome-wide analyses identify common variants associated with macular telangiectasia type 2.
A Large-Scale Multi-ancestry Genome-wide Study Accounting for Smoking Behavior Identifies Multiple Significant Loci for Blood Pressure.
GWAS Identifies Two Novel Colorectal Cancer Loci at 16q24.1 and 20q13.12.
Whole genome sequencing and imputation in isolated populations identify genetic associations with medically-relevant complex traits.
A genome-wide association study yields five novel thyroid cancer risk loci.
Genetic study links components of the autonomous nervous system to heart-rate profile during exercise.
A variant in PPP4R3A protects against alzheimer-related metabolic decline.
Genome-wide association studies of smooth pursuit and antisaccade eye movements in psychotic disorders: findings from the B-SNIP study.
A genome-wide trans-ethnic interaction study links the PIGR-FCAMR locus to coronary atherosclerosis via interactions between genetic variants and residential exposure to traffic.
Genome-wide association study identifies the SERPINB gene cluster as a susceptibility locus for food allergy.
Genome-wide Association Study Identifies 27 Loci Influencing Concentrations of Circulating Cytokines and Growth Factors.
Genome-wide pleiotropy analysis of neuropathological traits related to Alzheimer's disease.
A GWAS Meta-analysis and Replication Study Identifies a Novel Locus within CLPTM1L/TERT Associated with Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma in Individuals of Chinese Ancestry.
The effect of host genetics on the gut microbiome.
Bayesian and frequentist analysis of an Austrian genome-wide association study of colorectal cancer and advanced adenomas.
Shared genetic origin of asthma, hay fever and eczema elucidates allergic disease biology.
Genome-wide association analysis implicates dysregulation of immunity genes in chronic lymphocytic leukaemia.
Immunochip identifies novel, and replicates known, genetic risk loci for rheumatoid arthritis in black South Africans.
Identification of 12 new susceptibility loci for different histotypes of epithelial ovarian cancer.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol use disorder identification test (AUDIT) scores in 20 328 research participants of European ancestry.
Pharmacogenetic meta-analysis of baseline risk factors, pharmacodynamic, efficacy and tolerability endpoints from two large global cardiovascular outcomes trials for darapladib.
Genome-wide association analysis for chronic venous disease identifies EFEMP1 and KCNH8 as susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study of heavy smoking and daily/nondaily smoking in the Hispanic Community Health Study / Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL).
Genome-Wide Association Approach Identified Novel Genetic Predictors of Heart Rate Response to β-Blockers.
Genome-wide association study of immunoglobulin light chain amyloidosis in three patient cohorts: comparison with myeloma.
A Genetic Investigation of Sex Bias in the Prevalence of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder.
GWAS meta-analysis reveals novel loci and genetic correlates for general cognitive function: a report from the COGENT consortium.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Idiopathic Dilated Cardiomyopathy in African Americans.
Genome-wide linkage and association study implicates the 10q26 region as a major genetic contributor to primary nonsyndromic vesicoureteric reflux.
Genome-wide association study identifies ERBB4 on 2q34 as a novel locus associated with sperm motility in Japanese men.
Genetics of Type 2 Diabetes in U.S. Hispanic/Latino Individuals: Results From the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL).
Genome-Wide Association Study Reveals Four Loci for Lipid Ratios in the Korean Population and the Constitutional Subgroup.
Genome-wide association study of maternal genetic effects and parent-of-origin effects on food allergy.
6q12 and 11p14 variants are associated with postnatal exhaled nitric oxide levels and respiratory symptoms.
The First Pilot Genome-Wide Gene-Environment Study of Depression in the Japanese Population.
Genetic Analysis of Venous Thromboembolism in UK Biobank Identifies the ZFPM2 Locus and Implicates Obesity as a Causal Risk Factor.
A genome-wide association study identifies two novel susceptibility loci and trans population polygenicity associated with bipolar disorder.
Genomewide association study of alcohol dependence and related traits in a Thai population.
Joint study of two genome-wide association meta-analyses identified 20p12.1 and 20q13.33 for bone mineral density.
A genome-wide association study in multiple system atrophy.
NFAT5 and SLC4A10 Loci Associate with Plasma Osmolality.
Genome-wide association study identifies seven novel susceptibility loci for primary open-angle glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study of iron traits and relation to diabetes in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL): potential genomic intersection of iron and glucose regulation?
ABCG2 contributes to the development of gout and hyperuricemia in a genome-wide association study.
Newly discovered breast cancer susceptibility loci on 3p24 and 17q23.2.
A genome-wide association study links small-vessel ischemic stroke to autophagy.
Genome-wide association study for genetic variants related with maximal voluntary ventilation reveals two novel genomic signals associated with lung function.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptible loci and highlights Wnt/beta-catenin pathway in the development of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies four SNPs associated with response to platinum-based neoadjuvant chemotherapy for cervical cancer.
Genetic determinants of adiponectin regulation revealed by pregnancy.
Genome-wide association study of caffeine metabolites provides new insights to caffeine metabolism and dietary caffeine-consumption behavior.
Genetic Variants Associated With Uncontrolled Blood Pressure on Thiazide Diuretic/β-Blocker Combination Therapy in the PEAR (Pharmacogenomic Evaluation of Antihypertensive Responses) and INVEST (International Verapamil-SR Trandolapril Study) Trials.
Analysis combining correlated glaucoma traits identifies five new risk loci for open-angle glaucoma.
Genetic determinants of circulating GIP and GLP-1 concentrations.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analysis Unravels Interactions between Magnesium Homeostasis and Metabolic Phenotypes.
Genome-Wide Gene-Potassium Interaction Analyses on Blood Pressure: The GenSalt Study (Genetic Epidemiology Network of Salt Sensitivity).
Genome-wide association study evaluating single-nucleotide polymorphisms and outcomes in patients with advanced stage serous ovarian or primary peritoneal cancer: An NRG Oncology/Gynecologic Oncology Group study.
Genome-wide association study of paclitaxel and carboplatin disposition in women with epithelial ovarian cancer.
Genome-wide association study of subclinical interstitial lung disease in MESA.
A Genome-Wide Association Meta-Analysis of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder Symptoms in Population-Based Pediatric Cohorts.
A genome-wide gene-by-trauma interaction study of alcohol misuse in two independent cohorts identifies PRKG1 as a risk locus.
Immunochip analysis identifies multiple susceptibility loci for systemic sclerosis.
Genome-wide Association Study Identifies a Regulatory Variant of RGMA Associated With Opioid Dependence in European Americans.
Susceptibility loci for metabolic syndrome and metabolic components identified in Han Chinese: a multi-stage genome-wide association study.
Genome-Wide Association Study to Identify Susceptibility Loci That Modify Radiation-Related Risk for Breast Cancer After Childhood Cancer.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies TLL1 Variant Associated With Development of Hepatocellular Carcinoma After Eradication of Hepatitis C Virus Infection.
Hidden heterogeneity in Alzheimer's disease: Insights from genetic association studies and other analyses.
Identification of ten variants associated with risk of estrogen-receptor-negative breast cancer.
Problematic alcohol use associates with sodium channel and clathrin linker 1 (SCLT1) in trauma-exposed populations.
Genome-wide associations for birth weight and correlations with adult disease.
Meta-analysis identifies five novel loci associated with endometriosis highlighting key genes involved in hormone metabolism.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple risk loci for renal cell carcinoma.
Association between a common immunoglobulin heavy chain allele and rheumatic heart disease risk in Oceania.
A genome-wide association study of anorexia nervosa suggests a risk locus implicated in dysregulated leptin signaling.
GWAS of self-reported mosquito bite size, itch intensity and attractiveness to mosquitoes implicates immune-related predisposition loci.
Genome-wide association study of nevirapine hypersensitivity in a sub-Saharan African HIV-infected population.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of 78,308 individuals identifies new loci and genes influencing human intelligence.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Psychosis Proneness in the Finnish Population.
Genome-wide Association Study of Parental Life Span.
Genome-wide association studies suggest sex-specific loci associated with abdominal and visceral fat.
The genetics of seborrheic dermatitis: a candidate gene approach and pilot genome-wide association study.
Genetic and methylation variation in the CYP2B6 gene is related to circulating p,p'-dde levels in a population-based sample.
ASD restricted and repetitive behaviors associated at 17q21.33: genes prioritized by expression in fetal brains.
Genome-wide association study of telomere length among South Asians identifies a second RTEL1 association signal.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Blood Pressure Traits by Hispanic/Latino Background: the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Genome-wide analysis of health-related biomarkers in the UK Household Longitudinal Study reveals novel associations.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis Reveals Genetic Heterogeneity of Sjögren's Syndrome According to Ancestry.
Genome-wide association study of facial morphology reveals novel associations with FREM1 and PARK2.
Discovery and fine-mapping of adiposity loci using high density imputation of genome-wide association studies in individuals of African ancestry: African Ancestry Anthropometry Genetics Consortium.
Genome-wide association study of a nicotine metabolism biomarker in African American smokers: impact of chromosome 19 genetic influences.
Genome-wide association study of classical Hodgkin lymphoma identifies key regulators of disease susceptibility.
A genome-wide association study identifies nucleotide variants at SIGLEC5 and DEFA1A3 as risk loci for periodontitis.
Genetic variants specific to aging-related verbal memory: Insights from GWASs in a population-based cohort.
Genome-Wide Associations Related to Hepatic Histology in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in Hispanic Boys.
Genome-wide association study identifies three novel loci in Fuchs endothelial corneal dystrophy.
Genome-wide gene by lead exposure interaction analysis identifies UNC5D as a candidate gene for neurodevelopment.
Single-trait and multi-trait genome-wide association analyses identify novel loci for blood pressure in African-ancestry populations.
Genetic Contribution to Alcohol Dependence: Investigation of a Heterogeneous German Sample of Individuals with Alcohol Dependence, Chronic Alcoholic Pancreatitis, and Alcohol-Related Cirrhosis.
Genome-wide approach identifies a novel gene-maternal pre-pregnancy BMI interaction on preterm birth.
1000 Genomes-based meta-analysis identifies 10 novel loci for kidney function.
Genome-wide association study of treatment response to venlafaxine XR in generalized anxiety disorder.
Heritability and genome-wide associations studies of cerebral blood flow in the general population.
Genome-wide association of white blood cell counts in Hispanic/Latino Americans: the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
The first genome-wide association study identifying new susceptibility loci for obstetric antiphospholipid syndrome.
A genome-wide association study identifies six novel risk loci for primary biliary cholangitis.
Genome-wide association study of borderline personality disorder reveals genetic overlap with bipolar disorder, major depression and schizophrenia.
Genome-Wide Association Shows that Pigmentation Genes Play a Role in Skin Aging.
Genome-wide association study of HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder (HAND): A CHARTER group study.
Search for genetic factor association with cancer-free prostate-specific antigen level elevation on the basis of a genome-wide association study in the Korean population.
Variants at multiple loci implicated in both innate and adaptive immune responses are associated with Sjögren's syndrome.
Genetic contributors to variation in alcohol consumption vary by race/ethnicity in a large multi-ethnic genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of erythrocyte density in sickle cell disease patients.
The common variants implicated in microstructural abnormality of first episode and drug-naïve patients with schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study of heart rate and its variability in Hispanic/Latino cohorts.
Genome-wide association study identifies the common variants in CYP3A4 and CYP3A5 responsible for variation in tacrolimus trough concentration in Caucasian kidney transplant recipients.
Dense genotyping of immune-related disease regions identifies 14 new susceptibility loci for juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
A Preliminary Genome-Wide Association Study of Pain-Related Fear: Implications for Orofacial Pain.
Genome-Wide Gene-Sodium Interaction Analyses on Blood Pressure: The Genetic Epidemiology Network of Salt-Sensitivity Study.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Basal Transepidermal Water Loss Finds that Variants at 9q34.3 Are Associated with Skin Barrier Function.
Meta-GWAS and Meta-Analysis of Exome Array Studies Do Not Reveal Genetic Determinants of Serum Hepcidin.
CDK5RAP2 gene and tau pathophysiology in late-onset sporadic Alzheimer's disease.
An Immunochip-based interaction study of contrasting interaction effects with smoking in ACPA-positive versus ACPA-negative rheumatoid arthritis.
Dense fine-mapping study identifies new susceptibility loci for primary biliary cirrhosis.
Genome-wide association study of PR interval in Hispanics/Latinos identifies novel locus at ID2.
A genome-wide association study of early gamma-band response in a schizophrenia case-control sample.
EPHA6 rs4857055 C > T polymorphism associates with hypertension through triglyceride and LDL particle size in the Korean population.
Genome-wide Association Study of Idiopathic Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head.
Identification of 19 new risk loci and potential regulatory mechanisms influencing susceptibility to testicular germ cell tumor.
Genome-wide association analysis of insomnia complaints identifies risk genes and genetic overlap with psychiatric and metabolic traits.
Genetic Determinants of Radiographic Knee Osteoarthritis in African Americans.
A novel role for ciliary function in atopy: ADGRV1 and DNAH5 interactions.
Multivariate discovery and replication of five novel loci associated with Immunoglobulin G N-glycosylation.
GWAS of epigenetic aging rates in blood reveals a critical role for TERT.
Genome-wide association study of facial emotion recognition in children and association with polygenic risk for mental health disorders.
Genome-wide imaging association study implicates functional activity and glial homeostasis of the caudate in smoking addiction.
Joint Analysis of Nuclear and Mitochondrial Variants in Age-Related Macular Degeneration Identifies Novel Loci TRPM1 and ABHD2/RLBP1.
A large-scale genome-wide association and meta-analysis identified four novel susceptibility loci for leprosy.
Cross-ethnic meta-analysis identifies association of the GPX3-TNIP1 locus with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study of 1,5-anhydroglucitol identifies novel genetic loci linked to glucose metabolism.
Risk estimation model for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in the Japanese using multiple genetic markers.
Genome-Wide Association and Functional Studies Identify SCML4 and THSD7A as Novel Susceptibility Genes for Coronary Artery Disease.
Evidence of CNIH3 involvement in opioid dependence.
High-density genotyping of immune loci in Koreans and Europeans identifies eight new rheumatoid arthritis risk loci.
Identification of novel loci affecting circulating chromogranins and related peptides.
GWAS identifies population-specific new regulatory variants in FUT6 associated with plasma B12 concentrations in Indians.
A genome-wide association analysis identifies PDE1A|DNAJC10 locus on chromosome 2 associated with idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide association of trajectories of systolic blood pressure change.
Two Novel Susceptibility Loci for Prostate Cancer in Men of African Ancestry.
Genetic loci associated with heart rate variability and their effects on cardiac disease risk.
Genomewide association study of tenofovir pharmacokinetics and creatinine clearance in AIDS Clinical Trials Group protocol A5202.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus for cannabis dependence.
Chronic Periodontitis Genome-wide Association Study in the Hispanic Community Health Study / Study of Latinos.
Meta-analysis of five genome-wide association studies identifies multiple new loci associated with testicular germ cell tumor.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis for quantitative ultrasound parameters of bone identifies five novel loci for broadband ultrasound attenuation.
Identification of genes associated with dissociation of cognitive performance and neuropathological burden: Multistep analysis of genetic, epigenetic, and transcriptional data.
Dense genotyping of immune-related disease regions identifies nine new risk loci for primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Genome-Wide Association Studies and Meta-Analyses for Congenital Heart Defects.
Genome-Wide Interaction Study of Omega-3 PUFAs and Other Fatty Acids on Inflammatory Biomarkers of Cardiovascular Health in the Framingham Heart Study.
Genetic Drivers of von Willebrand Factor Levels in an Ischemic Stroke Population and Association With Risk for Recurrent Stroke.
Identification of multiple risk variants for ankylosing spondylitis through high-density genotyping of immune-related loci.
Genome-wide association study of red blood cell traits in Hispanics/Latinos: The Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Significant Locus and Metabolic Genetic Correlations Revealed in Genome-Wide Association Study of Anorexia Nervosa.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of asthma in Puerto Ricans.
Genetic contribution to 'theory of mind' in adolescence.
Fine-mapping, novel loci identification, and SNP association transferability in a genome-wide association study of QRS duration in African Americans.
Genetic Variants in HSD17B3, SMAD3, and IPO11 Impact Circulating Lipids in Response to Fenofibrate in Individuals With Type 2 Diabetes.
Identification of 15 new psoriasis susceptibility loci highlights the role of innate immunity.
Genetic association analyses implicate aberrant regulation of innate and adaptive immunity genes in the pathogenesis of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide association studies in women of African ancestry identified 3q26.21 as a novel susceptibility locus for oestrogen receptor negative breast cancer.
Association of CD8+ T-cells with bone erosion in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Large scale meta-analysis characterizes genetic architecture for common psoriasis associated variants.
Novel HLA-DP region susceptibility loci associated with severe acute GvHD.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies a novel susceptibility signal at CACNA2D3 for nicotine dependence.
A common variant association study in ethnic Saudi Arabs reveals novel susceptibility loci for hypertriglyceridemia.
Common variants upstream of MLF1 at 3q25 and within CPZ at 4p16 associated with neuroblastoma.
Study of 300,486 individuals identifies 148 independent genetic loci influencing general cognitive function.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis in 269,867 individuals identifies new genetic and functional links to intelligence.
Genome-wide analysis highlights contribution of immune system pathways to the genetic architecture of asthma.
Genome-wide association study of nicotine dependence in American populations: identification of novel risk loci in both African-Americans and European-Americans.
Four Loci Are Associated with Cardiorespiratory Fitness and Endurance Performance in Young Chinese Females.
A survey of microRNA single nucleotide polymorphisms identifies novel breast cancer susceptibility loci in a case-control, population-based study of African-American women.
New genetic signals for lung function highlight pathways and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease associations across multiple ancestries.
Genome-wide analysis of insomnia in 1,331,010 individuals identifies new risk loci and functional pathways.
Genome-wide association study of rate of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease patients identifies novel genes and pathways.
Large-scale GWAS reveals genetic architecture of brain white matter microstructure and genetic overlap with cognitive and mental health traits (n = 17,706).
Genetic and environmental factors in conjunctival UV autofluorescence.
The Polygenic and Monogenic Basis of Blood Traits and Diseases.
An atlas of genetic influences on osteoporosis in humans and mice.
The coexistence of copy number variations (CNVs) and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) at a locus can result in distorted calculations of the significance in associating SNPs to disease.
A comprehensive study of metabolite genetics reveals strong pleiotropy and heterogeneity across time and context.
A Fast and Accurate Method for Genome-Wide Time-to-Event Data Analysis and Its Application to UK Biobank.
The genetic architecture of the human cerebral cortex.
Genome-Wide Analysis Reveals Four Novel Loci for Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder in Korean Youths.
Quantitative genome-wide association analyses of receptive language in the Danish High Risk and Resilience Study.
Trans-ethnic and Ancestry-Specific Blood-Cell Genetics in 746,667 Individuals from 5 Global Populations.
Shared Genetic and Experimental Links between Obesity-Related Traits and Asthma Subtypes in UK Biobank.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for neuroticism in 449,484 individuals identifies novel genetic loci and pathways.
Elevated body-mass index is associated with an increased risk of infectious disease admissions and mortality: a mendelian randomization study.
Genome-wide association study of emotional empathy in children.
Novel and Known Gene-Smoking Interactions With cIMT Identified as Potential Drivers for Atherosclerosis Risk in West-African Populations of the AWI-Gen Study.
Quantitative genome-wide association study of six phenotypic subdomains identifies novel genome-wide significant variants in autism spectrum disorder.
Genome-wide Association Study of Creativity Reveals Genetic Overlap With Psychiatric Disorders, Risk Tolerance, and Risky Behaviors.
Shared genetic background between children and adults with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Genome-wide association analysis of 95 549 individuals identifies novel loci and genes influencing optic disc morphology.
Discovery and Mediation Analysis of Cross-Phenotype Associations With Asthma and Body Mass Index in 12q13.2.
Genetic Associations of Chronotype in the Finnish General Population.
Genetic Determinants of Glycated Hemoglobin in Type 1 Diabetes.
A genome-wide association study identifies FSHR rs2300441 associated with follicle-stimulating hormone levels.
Identification of Susceptibility Loci for Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection.
A Platelet Function Modulator of Thrombin Activation Is Causally Linked to Cardiovascular Disease and Affects PAR4 Receptor Signaling.
A genome-wide cross-phenotype meta-analysis of the association of blood pressure with migraine.
Genome-wide association study identifies TPH2 variant as a novel locus for severe CV-A6-associated hand, foot, and mouth disease in Han Chinese.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Genetic Variants Related to Anthracycline-Induced Cardiotoxicity in Early Breast Cancer.
Pharmacogenomics of aromatase inhibitors in postmenopausal breast cancer and additional mechanisms of anastrozole action.
Genome-wide association identifies seven loci for pelvic organ prolapse in Iceland and the UK Biobank.
Investigating evidence for a causal association between inflammation and self-harm: A multivariable Mendelian Randomisation study.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Response to Selenium Supplementation and Circulating Selenium Concentrations in Adults of European Descent.
Genetic meta-analysis of diagnosed Alzheimer's disease identifies new risk loci and implicates Aβ, tau, immunity and lipid processing.
Genome-wide gene-environment analyses of major depressive disorder and reported lifetime traumatic experiences in UK Biobank.
Common and rare variants associating with serum levels of creatine kinase and lactate dehydrogenase.
Cleft lip/palate and educational attainment: cause, consequence or correlation? A Mendelian-randomization study.
Genome-wide association analysis of 19,629 individuals identifies variants influencing regional brain volumes and refines their genetic co-architecture with cognitive and mental health traits.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis for total thyroid hormone levels in Croatian population.
Multifaceted genome-wide study identifies novel regulatory loci in SLC22A11 and ZNF45 for body mass index in Indians.
Adult Diffuse Glioma GWAS by Molecular Subtype Identifies Variants in D2HGDH and FAM20C.
Strong association between the 12q24 locus and sweet taste preference in the Japanese population revealed by genome-wide meta-analysis.
A multiethnic genome-wide analysis of 44,039 individuals identifies 41 new loci associated with central corneal thickness.
FUT2: filling the gap between genes and environment in Behçet's disease?
Mood Stabilizing Antiepileptic Treatment Response in Bipolar Disorder: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
Analysis of cardiac magnetic resonance imaging in 36,000 individuals yields genetic insights into dilated cardiomyopathy.
Genomewide Association Study of Acute Anterior Uveitis Identifies New Susceptibility Loci.
Large-scale genome-wide association study identifies HLA class II variants associated with chronic HBV infection: a study from Taiwan Biobank.
Multi-method genome- and epigenome-wide studies of inflammatory protein levels in healthy older adults.
Glycosylation of immunoglobulin G is regulated by a large network of genes pleiotropic with inflammatory diseases.
Identification of type 2 diabetes loci in 433,540 East Asian individuals.
Genome-wide association study of platelet reactivity and cardiovascular response in patients treated with clopidogrel: a study by the International Clopidogrel Pharmacogenomics Consortium (ICPC).
Novel susceptibility loci identified in a genome-wide association study of type 2 diabetes complications in population of Latvia.
Associations of Observational and Genetically Determined Caffeine Intake With Coronary Artery Disease and Diabetes Mellitus.
Exome-wide association study identifies a TM6SF2 variant that confers susceptibility to nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Insights into the genetics of blood pressure in black South African individuals: the Birth to Twenty cohort.
Leveraging genome-wide data to investigate differences between opioid use vs. opioid dependence in 41,176 individuals from the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Genetic architecture of human thinness compared to severe obesity.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis identifies common and rare variants associated with hepatocyte growth factor levels in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Multi-trait analysis for genome-wide association study of five psychiatric disorders.
Genome-wide screen to identify genetic loci associated with cognitive decline in late-life depression.
Heritability and genome-wide association analyses of fasting plasma glucose in Chinese adult twins.
Association Between Common Variants in RBFOX1, an RNA-Binding Protein, and Brain Amyloidosis in Early and Preclinical Alzheimer Disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic susceptibility loci and pathways of radiation-induced acute oral mucositis.
The Human Leukocyte Antigen Locus and Rheumatic Heart Disease Susceptibility in South Asians and Europeans.
Genetic predisposition to hypertension is associated with preeclampsia in European and Central Asian women.
Four pleiotropic loci associated with fat mass and lean mass.
Variants in <i>PPP2R2B</i> and <i>IGF2BP3</i> are associated with higher tau deposition.
Genome-Wide Association Study Meta-Analysis of Stroke in 22 000 Individuals of African Descent Identifies Novel Associations With Stroke.
Genetic determinants of lung cancer prognosis in never smokers: A pooled analysis in the International Lung Cancer Consortium.
Multi-ethnic analysis reveals soluble L-selectin may be post-transcriptionally regulated by 3'UTR polymorphism: the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Multi-ancestry study of blood lipid levels identifies four loci interacting with physical activity.
Evaluating the relationship between circulating lipoprotein lipids and apolipoproteins with risk of coronary heart disease: A multivariable Mendelian randomisation analysis.
Genetic modifiers of risk and age at onset in GBA associated Parkinson's disease and Lewy body dementia.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Serum Omega-3 and Omega-6 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids: Exploratory Analysis of the Sex-Specific Effects and Dietary Modulation in Mediterranean Subjects with Metabolic Syndrome.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies SLAMF1 Affecting the Rate of Memory Decline.
Identification of novel loci and new risk variant in known loci for colorectal cancer risk in East Asians.
Comparative genetic architectures of schizophrenia in East Asian and European populations.
A major role for common genetic variation in anxiety disorders.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Opioid Cessation.
GWAS of five gynecologic diseases and cross-trait analysis in Japanese.
Genetic Studies of Metabolomics Change After a Liquid Meal Illuminate Novel Pathways for Glucose and Lipid Metabolism.
A univariate perspective of multivariate genome-wide association analysis.
Association analyses of more than 140,000 men identify 63 new prostate cancer susceptibility loci.
Using Mendelian randomization to evaluate the causal relationship between serum C-reactive protein levels and age-related macular degeneration.
Comprehensive functional annotation of susceptibility variants identifies genetic heterogeneity between lung adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma.
Genome-wide analyses identify 68 new loci associated with intraocular pressure and improve risk prediction for primary open-angle glaucoma.
Ancestry-specific associations identified in genome-wide combined-phenotype study of red blood cell traits emphasize benefits of diversity in genomics.
Genomewide Gene-by-Sex Interaction Scans Identify ADGRV1 for Sex Differences in Opioid Dependent African Americans.
Genome-wide association study of the plasma triglyceride response to an n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis highlights light-induced signaling as a driver for refractive error.
Cross-ancestry genome-wide association analysis of corneal thickness strengthens link between complex and Mendelian eye diseases.
Japanese GWAS identifies variants for bust-size, dysmenorrhea, and menstrual fever that are eQTLs for relevant protein-coding or long non-coding RNAs.
A Loss-of-Function Splice Acceptor Variant in IGF2 Is Protective for Type 2 Diabetes.
Low-frequency variation near common germline susceptibility loci are associated with risk of Ewing sarcoma.
Genome-wide association study in 176,678 Europeans reveals genetic loci for tanning response to sun exposure.
Genome-wide Study Identifies Association between HLA-B∗55:01 and Self-Reported Penicillin Allergy.
Multiple sclerosis genomic map implicates peripheral immune cells and microglia in susceptibility.
Genome-wide Association Study of 24-Hour Urinary Excretion of Calcium, Magnesium, and Uric Acid.
Genome-wide Association Study for Vitamin D Levels Reveals 69 Independent Loci.
Identification of genetic heterogeneity of Alzheimer's disease across age.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Word Reading: Overlap with Risk Genes for Neurodevelopmental Disorders.
Genome-wide analysis identifies molecular systems and 149 genetic loci associated with income.
Genome-wide association study of adipocyte lipolysis in the GENetics of adipocyte lipolysis (GENiAL) cohort.
Common variation at 16p11.2 is associated with glycosuria in pregnancy: Findings from a genome-wide association study in European women.
Population-specific genetic modification of Huntington's disease in Venezuela.
Population history and genetic adaptation of the Fulani nomads: inferences from genome-wide data and the lactase persistence trait.
Genome-wide association study for risk taking propensity indicates shared pathways with body mass index.
Identification of new susceptibility loci associated with rheumatoid arthritis.
Assessment of rosacea symptom severity by genome-wide association study and expression analysis highlights immuno-inflammatory and skin pigmentation genes.
Genome-wide association study of extreme high bone mass: Contribution of common genetic variation to extreme BMD phenotypes and potential novel BMD-associated genes.
Genome-wide association analysis links multiple psychiatric liability genes to oscillatory brain activity.
Potential genetic modifiers of disease risk and age at onset in patients with frontotemporal lobar degeneration and GRN mutations: a genome-wide association study.
Eleven loci with new reproducible genetic associations with allergic disease risk.
Genetics of cognitive trajectory in Brazilians: 15 years of follow-up from the Bambuí-Epigen Cohort Study of Aging.
Noncoding RET variants explain the strong association with Hirschsprung disease in patients without rare coding sequence variant.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies eight new susceptibility loci for cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
A genome-wide association study of asthma hospitalizations in adults.
Genetic Study of White Matter Integrity in UK Biobank (N=8448) and the Overlap With Stroke, Depression, and Dementia.
Genetic Variant Associated with Survival of Patients with Stage II-III Colon Cancer.
Associations of single nucleotide polymorphisms with mucinous colorectal cancer: genome-wide common variant and gene-based rare variant analyses.
Identification of three novel loci of ALDH2 Gene for Serum Folate levels in a Male Chinese Population by Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genetic modifiers of radon-induced lung cancer risk: a genome-wide interaction study in former uranium miners.
A genome-wide scan of cleft lip triads identifies parent-of-origin interaction effects between ANK3 and maternal smoking, and between ARHGEF10 and alcohol consumption.
Pharmacogenetic investigation of efficacy response to mepolizumab in eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis.
JASS: command line and web interface for the joint analysis of GWAS results.
Multi-trait genome-wide association study identifies new loci associated with optic disc parameters.
GENOME-WIDE ASSOCIATION META-ANALYSIS OF AGE AT FIRST CANNABIS USE.
Genome-wide association study of nocturnal blood pressure dipping in hypertensive patients.
Identification of non-HLA genes associated with development of islet autoimmunity and type 1 diabetes in the prospective TEDDY cohort.
Rare Genetic Variants of Large Effect Influence Risk of Type 1 Diabetes.
Genome-wide association study in Japanese females identifies fifteen novel skin-related trait associations.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis in Humans Links Nucleotide Metabolism to Leukocyte Telomere Length.
Genetic Regulation of PCSK9 (Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin Type 9) Plasma Levels and Its Impact on Atherosclerotic Vascular Disease Phenotypes.
Insight in genome-wide association of metabolite quantitative traits by exome sequence analyses.
Genome-wide analysis identifies two susceptibility loci for positive thyroid peroxidase and thyroglobulin antibodies.
Genetic associations with childhood brain growth, defined in two longitudinal cohorts.
Genome-wide association study identifies two loci influencing plasma neurofilament light levels.
A common variant in ARHGEF10 alters delta-6 desaturase activity and influence susceptibility to hypertriglyceridemia.
Family-Based Genome-Wide Association Study of South Indian Pedigrees Supports WNT7B as a Central Corneal Thickness Locus.
A whole-genome sequence study identifies genetic risk factors for neuromyelitis optica.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of α-Synuclein Levels in Cerebrospinal Fluid.
The Genetics of Circulating Resistin Level, A Biomarker for Cardiovascular Diseases, Is Informed by Mendelian Randomization and the Unique Characteristics of African Genomes.
A multiethnic genome-wide association study of primary open-angle glaucoma identifies novel risk loci.
Genome-wide association study of coronary artery disease among individuals with diabetes: the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies a meningioma risk locus at 11p15.5.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel risk variants from RPS6KA1, CADPS, VARS, and DHX58 for fasting plasma glucose in Arab population.
Region-based interaction detection in genome-wide case-control studies.
A Pilot Genome-Wide Analysis Study Identifies Loci Associated With Response to Obeticholic Acid in Patients With NASH.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Cryptosporidiosis in Infants Implicates PRKCA.
Joint Association Analysis Identified 18 New Loci for Bone Mineral Density.
Genome-wide association study of circulating levels of glucagon during an oral glucose tolerance test.
Genome-wide Associations Reveal Human-Mouse Genetic Convergence and Modifiers of Myogenesis, CPNE1 and STC2.
Genome-wide association study of smoking trajectory and meta-analysis of smoking status in 842,000 individuals.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Body Mass Index and Body Fat in Mexican-Mestizo Children.
Genetic basis for plasma amino acid concentrations based on absolute quantification: a genome-wide association study in the Japanese population.
Genetic variants that associate with liver cirrhosis have pleiotropic effects on human traits.
A GWAS in Latin Americans highlights the convergent evolution of lighter skin pigmentation in Eurasia.
Identification of novel breast cancer susceptibility loci in meta-analyses conducted among Asian and European descendants.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of nicotine metabolism and cigarette consumption measures in smokers of European descent.
Sepsis-associated acute respiratory distress syndrome in individuals of European ancestry: a genome-wide association study.
Multi-level genomic analyses suggest new genetic variants involved in human memory.
Genome-wide association of individual vulnerability with alcoholic liver disease: A Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study.
Evaluation and application of summary statistic imputation to discover new height-associated loci.
Long-range genomic regulators of THBS1 and LTBP4 modify disease severity in Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Sex-specific glioma genome-wide association study identifies new risk locus at 3p21.31 in females, and finds sex-differences in risk at 8q24.21.
The impact of adjusting for baseline in pharmacogenomic genome-wide association studies of quantitative change.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of multiple myeloma among men and women of African ancestry.
Genetic Determinants of Clustering of Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in U.K. Biobank.
A candidate gene analysis and GWAS for genes associated with maternal nondisjunction of chromosome 21.
Genome-wide association study identified new susceptible genetic variants in HLA class I region for hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Genome-wide Association Study Identifies HLA-DPB1 as a Significant Risk Factor for Severe Aplastic Anemia.
Genome-wide association studies of antidepressant class response and treatment-resistant depression.
Genomic dissection of 43 serum urate-associated loci provides multiple insights into molecular mechanisms of urate control.
The Genetics of the Mood Disorder Spectrum: Genome-wide Association Analyses of More Than 185,000 Cases and 439,000 Controls.
Dense genotyping of immune-related loci in idiopathic inflammatory myopathies confirms HLA alleles as the strongest genetic risk factor and suggests different genetic background for major clinical subgroups.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses combining multiple risk phenotypes provide insights into the genetic architecture of cutaneous melanoma susceptibility.
Genetically regulated gene expression underlies lipid traits in Hispanic cohorts.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Brain Connectivity Changes for Alzheimer's Disease.
GWAS of 165,084 Japanese individuals identified nine loci associated with dietary habits.
Ordered multinomial regression for genetic association analysis of ordinal phenotypes at Biobank scale.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Renal Function Traits: Results from the Japan Multi-Institutional Collaborative Cohort Study.
Fast and Accurate Genome-Wide Association Test of Multiple Quantitative Traits.
Strong Association of the HLA-DR/DQ Locus with Childhood Steroid-Sensitive Nephrotic Syndrome in the Japanese Population.
Genome-wide association study reveals two novel risk alleles for incident obstructive sleep apnea in the EPISONO cohort.
Wnt receptor gene FZD1 was associated with schizophrenia in genome-wide SNP analysis of the Australian Schizophrenia Research Bank cohort.
Identification of Novel Genes Associated with Cortical Thickness in Alzheimer's Disease: Systems Biology Approach to Neuroimaging Endophenotype.
Novel Genetic Loci Associated With Retinal Microvascular Diameter.
Functional validity, role, and implications of heavy alcohol consumption genetic loci.
Strong impact of natural-selection-free heterogeneity in genetics of age-related phenotypes.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of circulating odd-numbered chain saturated fatty acids: Results from the CHARGE Consortium.
Mapping genetic variants for cranial vault shape in humans.
Genome-wide association study: Exploring the genetic basis for responsiveness to ketogenic dietary therapies for drug-resistant epilepsy.
Genetic variant for behavioral regulation factor of executive function and its possible brain mechanism in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Mapping of 79 loci for 83 plasma protein biomarkers in cardiovascular disease.
Genetic Variants Were Associated With the Prognosis of Head and Neck Squamous Carcinoma.
Genome-wide association study of cerebrospinal fluid neurofilament light levels in non-demented elders.
Stratified analyses of genome wide association study data reveal haplotypes for a candidate gene on chromosome 2 (KIAA1211L) is associated with opioid use in patients of Arabian descent.
Genetic Contributions to Maternal and Neonatal Vitamin D Levels.
Genome-wide association and HLA fine-mapping studies identify risk loci and genetic pathways underlying allergic rhinitis.
Chromosome 1q21.2 and additional loci influence risk of spontaneous coronary artery dissection and myocardial infarction.
Novel genes and insights in complete asthma remission.
Identification of 13 novel susceptibility loci for early-onset myocardial infarction, hypertension, or chronic kidney disease.
Electronic health record-based genome-wide meta-analysis provides insights on the genetic architecture of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
Automated feature extraction from population wearable device data identified novel loci associated with sleep and circadian rhythms.
Identification of two novel breast cancer loci through large-scale genome-wide association study in the Japanese population.
Genomewide Association Study of Fracture Nonunion Using Electronic Health Records.
Common and rare variants genetic association analysis of cigarettes per day among ever smokers in COPD cases and controls.
Genome-wide association studies for diabetic macular edema and proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Common and rare sequence variants influencing tumor biomarkers in blood.
Genome-wide association analysis of 350 000 Caucasians from the UK Biobank identifies novel loci for asthma, hay fever and eczema.
Common Genetic Polymorphisms Influence Blood Biomarker Measurements in COPD.
A new genetic locus for antipsychotic-induced weight gain: A genome-wide study of first-episode psychosis patients using amisulpride (from the OPTiMiSE cohort).
Genome-wide association studies suggest that APOL1-environment interactions more likely trigger kidney disease in African Americans with nondiabetic nephropathy than strong APOL1-second gene interactions.
Comprehensive population-based genome sequencing provides insight into hematopoietic regulatory mechanisms.
Identification of novel susceptibility loci associated with hepatitis B surface antigen seroclearance in chronic hepatitis B.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Ocular Sarcoidosis Confirms HLA Associations and Implicates Barrier Function and Autoimmunity in African Americans.
Genomic Variations in Susceptibility to Intracranial Aneurysm in the Korean Population.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Integrative Analysis of Multiomics Data for Biomarker Discovery.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies multiple loci associated with kidney disease-related traits in Korean populations.
Genetic Variants Associated with Immunosuppressant Pharmacokinetics and Adverse Effects in the DeKAF Genomics Genome Wide Association Studies.
A cross-disease meta-GWAS identifies four new susceptibility loci shared between systemic sclerosis and Crohn's disease.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies genetic locus on chromosome 9 associated with Modic changes.
Biological and clinical insights from genetics of insomnia symptoms.
Gene discovery for high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level change over time in prospective family studies.
Identification of common genetic risk variants for autism spectrum disorder.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of macronutrient intake of 91,114 European ancestry participants from the cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology consortium.
Association of Cardiometabolic Genes with Arsenic Metabolism Biomarkers in American Indian Communities: The Strong Heart Family Study (SHFS).
The Unsolved Link of Genetic Markers and Crohn's Disease Progression: A North American Cohort Experience.
Exome-wide association analysis reveals novel coding sequence variants associated with lipid traits in Chinese.
Urine 6-Bromotryptophan: Associations with Genetic Variants and Incident End-Stage Kidney Disease.
The Rare Variant rs35356162 in UHRF1BP1 Increases Bladder Cancer Risk in Han Chinese Population.
Identification of 26 novel loci that confer susceptibility to early-onset coronary artery disease in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study identified ATP6V1H locus influencing cerebrospinal fluid BACE activity.
Interrogating the Genetic Determinants of Tourette's Syndrome and Other Tic Disorders Through Genome-Wide Association Studies.
NT5C2 germline variants alter thiopurine metabolism and are associated with acquired NT5C2 relapse mutations in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Pathway-Wide Genetic Risks in Chlamydial Infections Overlap between Tissue Tropisms: A Genome-Wide Association Scan.
Genome-wide association study of café-au-lait macule number in neurofibromatosis type 1.
Shared Molecular Genetic Mechanisms Underlie Endometriosis and Migraine Comorbidity.
Novel exomic rare variants associated with venous thrombosis.
Genetic association and transcriptome integration identify contributing genes and tissues at cystic fibrosis modifier loci.
Genetic associations with clozapine-induced myocarditis in patients with schizophrenia.
Genome-Wide Testing of Exonic Variants and Breast Cancer Risk in the California Teachers Study.
Genome-wide association and functional studies identify a role for matrix Gla protein in osteoarthritis of the hand.
Replication of FTO Gene associated with lean mass in a Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Genome-wide association study suggests impact of chromosome 10 rs139401390 on kidney function in patients with coronary artery disease.
AATF and SMARCA2 are associated with thyroid volume in Hashimoto's thyroiditis patients.
A trans-ethnic two-stage polygenetic scoring analysis detects genetic correlation between osteoporosis and schizophrenia.
A locus at 7p14.3 predisposes to refractory celiac disease progression from celiac disease.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of a Biomarker of Nicotine Metabolism.
Common variation near IRF6 is associated with IFN-β-induced liver injury in multiple sclerosis.
Association of Genetic Variants in NUDT15 With Thiopurine-Induced Myelosuppression in Patients With Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Genetic Association Reveals Protection against Recurrence of Clostridium difficile Infection with Bezlotoxumab Treatment.
Genome-Wide Association Scan of Serum Urea in European Populations Identifies Two Novel Loci.
A loss-of-function variant in ALOX15 protects against nasal polyps and chronic rhinosinusitis.
Drug-induced injury due to flucloxacillin: relevance of multiple HLA alleles.
The Genetic Variations Associated With Time to Aseptic Loosening After Total Joint Arthroplasty.
Association of FADS1/2 Locus Variants and Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids With Aortic Stenosis.
An Integrated Genomic and Transcriptomic Analysis Reveals Candidates of Susceptibility Genes for Crohn's Disease in Japanese Populations.
Distinct subtypes of polycystic ovary syndrome with novel genetic associations: An unsupervised, phenotypic clustering analysis.
Identification of a new genetic variant associated with cholecystitis: a multicenter genome-wide association study.
Shared genetic architecture between metabolic traits and Alzheimer's disease: a large-scale genome-wide cross-trait analysis.
Genome-Wide Association Study Reveals a Novel Association Between MYBPC3 Gene Polymorphism, Endurance Athlete Status, Aerobic Capacity and Steroid Metabolism.
Genetic variants in systemic lupus erythematosus susceptibility loci, XKR6 and GLT1D1 are associated with childhood-onset SLE in a Korean cohort.
Genetic Association Analyses Highlight IL6, ALPL, and NAV1 As 3 New Susceptibility Genes Underlying Calcific Aortic Valve Stenosis.
A genome-wide association study of polycystic ovary syndrome identified from electronic health records.
Genetic landscape of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease identifies heterogeneous cell-type and phenotype associations.
Genome-wide association study of myocardial infarction, atrial fibrillation, acute stroke, acute kidney injury and delirium after cardiac surgery - a sub-analysis of the RIPHeart-Study.
Association between herpes simplex virus 1 exposure and the risk of depression in UK Biobank.
Gene-educational attainment interactions in a multi-ancestry genome-wide meta-analysis identify novel blood pressure loci.
Identification of susceptibility variants to benign childhood epilepsy with centro-temporal spikes (BECTS) in Chinese Han population.
Coinherited genetics of multiple myeloma and its precursor, monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance.
A Genomewide Pharmacogenetic Study of Growth Hormone Responsiveness.
Genome-wide interaction study reveals age-dependent determinants of responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroids in individuals with asthma.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of Cognitive and Motor Progression in Parkinson's Disease.
Multi-ancestry GWAS of the electrocardiographic PR interval identifies 202 loci underlying cardiac conduction.
Minimal phenotyping yields genome-wide association signals of low specificity for major depression.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Liver Fat: The Multiethnic Cohort Adiposity Phenotype Study.
Genome-wide association analysis of pulse wave velocity traits provide new insights into the causal relationship between arterial stiffness and blood pressure.
Genetic architecture of cardiometabolic risks in people living with HIV.
Integration of genome-wide association study and expression quantitative trait locus mapping for identification of endometriosis-associated genes.
Cerebral small vessel disease genomics and its implications across the lifespan.
Common genetic risk variants identified in the SPARK cohort support DDHD2 as a candidate risk gene for autism.
Genome-wide association study identifying novel variant for fasting insulin and allelic heterogeneity in known glycemic loci in Chilean adolescents: The Santiago Longitudinal Study.
Septic Shock: A Genomewide Association Study and Polygenic Risk Score Analysis.
Genetic control of CCL24, POR, and IL23R contributes to the pathogenesis of sarcoidosis.
Genetic architectures of proximal and distal colorectal cancer are partly distinct.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of problematic alcohol use in 435,563 individuals yields insights into biology and relationships with other traits.
Extreme Phenotype Approach Suggests Taste Transduction Pathway for Carotid Plaque in a Multi-Ethnic Cohort.
Genomewide Association Study of Severe Covid-19 with Respiratory Failure.
Genome-wide and Mendelian randomisation studies of liver MRI yield insights into the pathogenesis of steatohepatitis.
Genetic Analysis with the Immunochip Platform in Behçet Disease. Identification of Residues Associated in the HLA Class I Region and New Susceptibility Loci.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis of Longitudinal Bone Mineral Content Data From the Iowa Bone Development Study.
Evaluation of vitamin D biosynthesis and pathway target genes reveals UGT2A1/2 and EGFR polymorphisms associated with epithelial ovarian cancer in African American Women.
Genomics of 1 million parent lifespans implicates novel pathways and common diseases and distinguishes survival chances.
Effects of tumour necrosis factor on cardiovascular disease and cancer: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
CDH6 and HAGH protein levels in plasma associate with Alzheimer's disease in APOE ε4 carriers.
Genetic and functional insights into the fractal structure of the heart.
Exome Array Analysis of Early-Onset Ischemic Stroke.
Host Genetic Factors Associated with Vaginal Microbiome Composition in Kenyan Women.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis of Pancreatic Beta Cell Glucose Sensitivity.
Supervariants identification for breast cancer.
Genetic Markers of ADHD-Related Variations in Intracranial Volume.
Inherited genetic variants associated with glucocorticoid sensitivity in leukaemia cells.
Genome-wide associations of human gut microbiome variation and implications for causal inference analyses.
Donor genetic variants as risk factors for thrombosis after liver transplantation: A genome-wide association study.
The Intersection of the Genetic Architectures of Orofacial Clefts and Normal Facial Variation.
Amerindian Ancestry Influences Genetic Susceptibility to Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Genetic variants and functional pathways associated with resilience to Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic Studies of Leptin Concentrations Implicate Leptin in the Regulation of Early Adiposity.
A Genome-wide Association Study Discovers 46 Loci of the Human Metabolome in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis of Neonatal White Matter Microstructure.
The genetic architecture of sporadic and multiple consecutive miscarriage.
Genome-wide association analysis of pro-inflammatory cytokines and gene-lifestyle interaction for invasive breast cancer risk: the WHI dbGaP Study.
Genome-wide association study for variants that modulate relationships between cerebrospinal fluid amyloid-beta 42, tau, and p-tau levels.
A genome-wide association study of interhemispheric theta EEG coherence: implications for neural connectivity and alcohol use behavior.
Transethnic Genome-Wide Association Study Provides Insights in the Genetic Architecture and Heritability of Long QT Syndrome.
ALDH2 genotype modulates the association between alcohol consumption and AST/ALT ratio among middle-aged Japanese men: a genome-wide G × E interaction analysis.
Genome-wide association study in Asians identifies novel loci for high myopia and highlights a nervous system role in its pathogenesis.
Clinical and Genome-Wide Analysis of Multiple Severe Cisplatin-Induced Neurotoxicities in Adult-Onset Cancer Survivors.
Discovery of 318 new risk loci for type 2 diabetes and related vascular outcomes among 1.4 million participants in a multi-ancestry meta-analysis.
Population-specific and trans-ancestry genome-wide analyses identify distinct and shared genetic risk loci for coronary artery disease.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis Identified ANXA1 Associated with Shoulder Impingement Syndrome in UK Biobank Samples.
Genetic factors underlying the bidirectional relationship between autoimmune and mental disorders - findings from a Danish population-based study.
Common Genetic Variation Indicates Separate Causes for Periventricular and Deep White Matter Hyperintensities.
Genome-wide association study of aggression and violence in schizophrenia.
Genome-Wide Association Trans-Ethnic Meta-Analyses Identifies Novel Associations Regulating Coagulation Factor VIII and von Willebrand Factor Plasma Levels.
Trans-ethnic association study of blood pressure determinants in over 750,000 individuals.
Genome-wide association analyses of risk tolerance and risky behaviors in over 1 million individuals identify hundreds of loci and shared genetic influences.
Characterizing rare and low-frequency height-associated variants in the Japanese population.
Fine-mapping type 2 diabetes loci to single-variant resolution using high-density imputation and islet-specific epigenome maps.
Multitrait analysis of glaucoma identifies new risk loci and enables polygenic prediction of disease susceptibility and progression.
A genome-wide association study reveals a substantial genetic basis underlying the Ebbinghaus illusion.
Genome-wide association study in 8,956 German individuals identifies influence of ABO histo-blood groups on gut microbiome.
Exome-Derived Adiponectin-Associated Variants Implicate Obesity and Lipid Biology.
Genomics of body fat percentage may contribute to sex bias in anorexia nervosa.
Genetic Variants Associated With Corneal Biomechanical Properties and Potentially Conferring Susceptibility to Keratoconus in a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Spatial correlations exploitation based on nonlocal voxel-wise GWAS for biomarker detection of AD.
Genome-wide meta-analysis implicates mediators of hair follicle development and morphogenesis in risk for severe acne.
Genome-wide study of hair colour in UK Biobank explains most of the SNP heritability.
A locus on chromosome 5 shows African ancestry-limited association with alloimmunization in sickle cell disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies 30 loci associated with bipolar disorder.
Genetic determinants of risk in pulmonary arterial hypertension: international genome-wide association studies and meta-analysis.
Identification of novel epithelial ovarian cancer loci in Women of African Ancestry.
A genome-wide association study of cocaine use disorder accounting for phenotypic heterogeneity and gene–environment interaction
Multi-ancestry genome-wide gene-smoking interaction study of 387,272 individuals identifies new loci associated with serum lipids.
Genome Wide Analysis Approach Suggests Chromosome 2 Locus to be Associated with Thiazide and Thiazide Like-Diuretics Blood Pressure Response.
Influence of ABO Locus on PFA-100 Collagen-ADP Closure Time Is Not Totally Dependent on the Von Willebrand Factor. Results of a GWAS on GAIT-2 Project Phenotypes.
Exome-wide association study of plasma lipids in >300,000 individuals.
GWAS of mosaic loss of chromosome Y highlights genetic effects on blood cell differentiation.
Genome-wide analysis identified 17 new loci influencing intraocular pressure in Chinese population.
Population-based genome-wide association study of cognitive decline in older adults free of dementia: identification of a novel locus for the attention domain.
Epigenetic aging is accelerated in alcohol use disorder and regulated by genetic variation in APOL2.
Overlap of Genetic Risk Between Interstitial Lung Abnormalities and Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Association between birth weight and refractive error in adulthood: a Mendelian randomisation study.
Progressive effects of single-nucleotide polymorphisms on 16 phenotypic traits based on longitudinal data.
Handedness, language areas and neuropsychiatric diseases: insights from brain imaging and genetics.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Five Novel Genetic Markers for Trastuzumab-Induced Cardiotoxicity in Japanese Population.
Genome-wide Association Analysis of Parkinson's Disease and Schizophrenia Reveals Shared Genetic Architecture and Identifies Novel Risk Loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic factors that modify age at onset in Machado-Joseph disease.
Common Genetic Variants Modulate the Electrocardiographic Tpeak-to-Tend Interval.
Dissection of genetic variation and evidence for pleiotropy in male pattern baldness.
The association between genome-wide polymorphisms and chronic postoperative pain: a prospective observational study.
Exome sequencing of 20,791 cases of type 2 diabetes and 24,440 controls.
Genome-wide meta-analysis reveals shared new loci in systemic seropositive rheumatic diseases.
GWAS analysis reveals a significant contribution of PSCA to the risk of Heliobacter pylori-induced gastric atrophy.
Agnostic Pathway/Gene Set Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Data Identifies Associations for Pancreatic Cancer.
Genetic effects on efficacy to fluticasone propionate/salmeterol treatment in COPD.
LRRTM4 and PCSK5 Genetic Polymorphisms as Markers for Cognitive Impairment in A Hypotensive Aging Population: A Genome-Wide Association Study in Taiwan.
Phenome-wide investigation of health outcomes associated with genetic predisposition to loneliness.
Multivariate Genome-Wide Association Analysis of a Cytokine Network Reveals Variants with Widespread Immune, Haematological, and Cardiometabolic Pleiotropy.
GWAS of smoking behaviour in 165,436 Japanese people reveals seven new loci and shared genetic architecture.
The Alkaline Phosphatase (ALPL) Locus Is Associated with B6 Vitamer Levels in CSF and Plasma.
Genome-wide association studies in Samoans give insight into the genetic architecture of fasting serum lipid levels.
Identification of nine genes as novel susceptibility loci for early-onset ischemic stroke, intracerebral hemorrhage, or subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Genome-wide association reveals contribution of MRAS to painful temporomandibular disorder in males.
Genetic architecture of human plasma lipidome and its link to cardiovascular disease.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol dependence in male Han Chinese and cross-ethnic polygenic risk score comparison.
Genome-Wide Analysis of Left Ventricular Image-Derived Phenotypes Identifies Fourteen Loci Associated with Cardiac Morphogenesis and Heart Failure Development.
Transcriptome association studies of neuropsychiatric traits in African Americans implicate PRMT7 in schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study identifies CD1A associated with rate of increase in plasma neurofilament light in non-demented elders.
Identification of risk loci and a polygenic risk score for lung cancer: a large-scale prospective cohort study in Chinese populations.
Genome-Wide Homozygosity Mapping Reveals Genes Associated With Cognitive Ability in Children From Saudi Arabia.
Shared Genetics of Asthma and Mental Health Disorders: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Cross-Trait Analysis.
Very low-depth whole-genome sequencing in complex trait association studies.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies a Susceptibility Locus for Comitant Esotropia and Suggests a Parent-of-Origin Effect.
Contribution of genetics to visceral adiposity and its relation to cardiovascular and metabolic disease.
Multiethnic Genome-wide Association Study of Diabetic Retinopathy using Liability Threshold Modeling of Duration of Diabetes and Glycemic Control.
GWAS for urinary sodium and potassium excretion highlights pathways shared with cardiovascular traits.
Genetic determinants and an epistasis of LILRA3 and HLA-B*52 in Takayasu arteritis.
Genome-wide association study of white-coat effect in hypertensive patients.
Genome-Wide Association Study of White Blood Cell Counts in Patients With Ischemic Stroke.
Genome-wide study on uveal melanoma patients finds association to DNA repair gene TDP1.
Genome-wide Association of Endophenotypes for Schizophrenia From the Consortium on the Genetics of Schizophrenia (COGS) Study.
Associations with metabolites in Chinese suggest new metabolic roles in Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analyses of FTND and TTFC Phenotypes.
Neural crest-derived tumor neuroblastoma and melanoma share 1p13.2 as susceptibility locus that shows a long-range interaction with the SLC16A1 gene.
Genome-wide associations for benign prostatic hyperplasia reveal a genetic correlation with serum levels of PSA.
Genome-wide association study identifies SIAH3 locus influencing the rate of ventricular enlargement in non-demented elders.
The MS4A gene cluster is a key modulator of soluble TREM2 and Alzheimer's disease risk.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Cerebral Microbleeds on MRI.
Association of Schizophrenia Risk With Disordered Niacin Metabolism in an Indian Genome-wide Association Study.
Genome-wide analysis of dental caries and periodontitis combining clinical and self-reported data.
Dentate gyrus volume deficit in schizophrenia.
A study of Kibbutzim in Israel reveals risk factors for cardiometabolic traits and subtle population structure.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses and fine-mapping elucidate pathways influencing albuminuria.
Genome-Wide Association Study of the Metabolic Syndrome in UK Biobank.
A Prospective Analysis of Genetic Variants Associated with Human Lifespan.
Pilot GWAS of caries in African-Americans shows genetic heterogeneity.
A comprehensive assessment of demographic, environmental, and host genetic associations with gut microbiome diversity in healthy individuals.
Targeted resequencing of a locus for heparin-induced thrombocytopenia on chromosome 5 identified in a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide interaction study of a proxy for stress-sensitivity and its prediction of major depressive disorder.
Genome-wide association study of cerebral small vessel disease reveals established and novel loci.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of SNP and antihypertensive medication interactions on left ventricular traits in African Americans.
HLA-DQ and RBFOX1 as susceptibility genes for an outbreak of hydrolyzed wheat allergy.
Factors associated with sharing e-mail information and mental health survey participation in large population cohorts.
Distinct pathways associated with chromosomal aberration frequency in a cohort exposed to genotoxic compounds compared to general population.
GWAS Identifies Risk Locus for Erectile Dysfunction and Implicates Hypothalamic Neurobiology and Diabetes in Etiology.
Risk of spontaneous preterm birth and fetal growth associates with fetal SLIT2.
Harmonizing Genetic Ancestry and Self-identified Race/Ethnicity in Genome-wide Association Studies.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel gender specific loci associated with thyroid antibodies level in Croatians.
A genome-wide association and replication study of blood pressure in Ugandan early adolescents.
A GENETIC VARIANT IN THE BCL2 GENE ASSOCIATES WITH ADALIMUMAB RESPONSE IN HIDRADENITIS SUPPURATIVA CLINICAL TRIALS AND REGULATES EXPRESSION OF BCL2.
Retrospective Association Analysis of Longitudinal Binary Traits Identifies Important Loci and Pathways in Cocaine Use.
Genome-wide Association and Functional Studies Reveal Novel Pharmacological Mechanisms for Allopurinol.
First genome-wide association study of non-severe malaria in two birth cohorts in Benin.
Variants Associated with the Ankle Brachial Index Differ by Hispanic/Latino Ethnic Group: a genome-wide association study in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Genome-wide association studies identify polygenic effects for completed suicide in the Japanese population.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Diabetic Kidney Disease Highlights Biology Involved in Glomerular Basement Membrane Collagen.
Bilirubin and risk of ischemic heart disease in Korea: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.
Dissecting genetic factors affecting phenylephrine infusion rates during anesthesia: a genome-wide association study employing EHR data.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies multiple longevity genes.
Immunochip analysis identification of 6 additional susceptibility loci for Crohn's disease in Koreans.
KCND3 potassium channel gene variant confers susceptibility to electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
Genome-Wide Association Study to Identify a New Susceptibility Locus for Central Serous Chorioretinopathy in the Japanese Population.
Contributions of common genetic variants to risk of schizophrenia among individuals of African and Latino ancestry.
Risk locus identification ties alcohol withdrawal symptoms to SORCS2.
Multiplex genomewide association analysis of breast milk fatty acid composition extends the phenotypic association and potential selection of FADS1 variants to arachidonic acid, a critical infant micronutrient.
A Genome Wide Association Study on plasma FV levels identified PLXDC2 as a new modifier of the coagulation process.
Identification of a new locus at 16q12 associated with time to asthma onset.
Genome-wide scan identified genetic variants associated with skin aging in a Chinese female population.
New insights into the pharmacogenomics of antidepressant response from the GENDEP and STAR*D studies: rare variant analysis and high-density imputation.
The Genetic Architecture of Chronic Mountain Sickness in Peru.
Smoking Modifies the Genetic Risk for Early-Onset Periodontitis.
Multivariate genome-wide analysis of stress-related quantitative phenotypes.
A genome-wide association study of gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women.
Clinical and Genome-Wide Analysis of Serum Platinum Levels after Cisplatin-Based Chemotherapy.
Genomic analysis of diet composition finds novel loci and associations with health and lifestyle.
Exome array analysis of rare and low frequency variants in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Evidence for causal effects of lifetime smoking on risk for depression and schizophrenia: a Mendelian randomisation study.
PRDM15 Is Associated with Risk of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease in a Rural Population in Chile.
Reproducible Genetic Risk Loci for Anxiety: Results From ∼200,000 Participants in the Million Veteran Program.
Identification of novel risk loci with shared effects on alcoholism, heroin, and methamphetamine dependence.
Causal Associations Between Serum Bilirubin Levels and Decreased Stroke Risk: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Study.
Genetic studies of urinary metabolites illuminate mechanisms of detoxification and excretion in humans.
A large population-based investigation into the genetics of susceptibility to gastrointestinal infections and the link between gastrointestinal infections and mental illness.
Genome-wide association study of dietary intake in the UK biobank study and its associations with schizophrenia and other traits.
Association between taste perception and adiposity in overweight or obese older subjects with metabolic syndrome and identification of novel taste-related genes.
Evidence that genes involved in hedgehog signaling are associated with both bipolar disorder and high BMI.
Multivariate genome-wide association study of rapid automatised naming and rapid alternating stimulus in Hispanic American and African-American youth.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of diarrhoeal disease in young children identifies FUT2 locus and provides plausible biological pathways.
Genome-wide association study of metabolic syndrome in Korean populations.
Cardiac Imaging of Aortic Valve Area from 34,287 UK Biobank Participants Reveal Novel Genetic Associations and Shared Genetic Comorbidity with Multiple Disease Phenotypes.
Carotid Intima-Media Thickness: Novel Loci, Sex-Specific Effects, and Genetic Correlations With Obesity and Glucometabolic Traits in UKB.
Variants in the fetal genome near pro-inflammatory cytokine genes on 2q13 associate with gestational duration.
A genome-wide association study implicates the BMP7 locus as a risk factor for nonsyndromic metopic craniosynostosis.
Genome-wide Network-assisted Association and Enrichment Study of Amyloid Imaging Phenotype in Alzheimer's Disease.
GWAS for time to failure of kidney transplants from African American deceased donors.
A genome-wide association study on liver enzymes in Korean population.
Genome-wide association study on coronary artery disease in type 1 diabetes suggests beta-defensin 127 as a risk locus.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identified novel variant associated with hallux valgus in Caucasians.
Identification of pleiotropic loci underlying hip bone mineral density and trunk lean mass.
Genome-wide association study of white matter hyperintensity volume in elderly persons without dementia.
GWAS on longitudinal growth traits reveals different genetic factors influencing infant, child, and adult BMI.
Genome-wide study of immune biomarkers in cerebrospinal fluid and serum from patients with bipolar disorder and controls.
HDAC9 is implicated in atherosclerotic aortic calcification and affects vascular smooth muscle cell phenotype.
Exploring genetic variants in obsessive compulsive disorder severity: A GWAS approach.
Genome-wide association study of knee pain identifies associations with GDF5 and COL27A1 in UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study for proliferative diabetic retinopathy in Africans.
Genome-wide mega-analysis identifies 16 loci and highlights diverse biological mechanisms in the common epilepsies.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomisation analysis provide insights into the pathogenesis of heart failure.
Use of >100,000 NHLBI Trans-Omics for Precision Medicine (TOPMed) Consortium whole genome sequences improves imputation quality and detection of rare variant associations in admixed African and Hispanic/Latino populations.
Genetic Analysis of Ulcerative Colitis in Japanese Individuals Using Population-specific SNP Array.
Identifying blood pressure loci whose effects are modulated by multiple lifestyle exposures.
Alternate approach to stroke phenotyping identifies a genetic risk locus for small vessel stroke.
Subtype-specific gout susceptibility loci and enrichment of selection pressure on ABCG2 and ALDH2 identified by subtype genome-wide meta-analyses of clinically defined gout patients.
Two novel pleiotropic loci associated with osteoporosis and abdominal obesity.
A Functional Variant Near XCL1 Gene Improves Breast Cancer Survival via Promoting Cancer Immunity.
Novel insights into the genetics of smoking behaviour, lung function, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (UK BiLEVE): a genetic association study in UK Biobank.
Genomic influences on self-reported childhood maltreatment.
Polygenic Hyperlipidemias and Coronary Artery Disease Risk.
Insights into the aetiology of snoring from observational and genetic investigations in the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study of panic disorder reveals genetic overlap with neuroticism and depression.
The interaction between ABCA1 polymorphism and physical activity on the HDL-cholesterol levels in a Japanese population.
Meta-analysis of 542,934 subjects of European ancestry identifies new genes and mechanisms predisposing to refractive error and myopia.
Pharmacoresponse in genetic generalized epilepsy: a genome-wide association study.
A Family-Based Genome Wide Association Study of Externalizing Behaviors.
Genome-wide scan identifies novel genetic loci regulating salivary metabolite levels.
Genetic Variants Associated With Plasma Lipids Are Associated With the Lipid Response to Niacin.
Genetics of physiological dysregulation: findings from the long life family study using joint models.
Identification of novel risk loci, causal insights, and heritable risk for Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
A common Greenlandic TBC1D4 variant confers muscle insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.
Three Novel Loci for Infant Head Circumference Identified by a Joint Association Analysis.
Transethnic meta-analysis of metabolic syndrome in a multiethnic study.
Genetic control of variability in subcortical and intracranial volumes.
Meta-analysis of GWA studies provides new insights on the genetic architecture of skin pigmentation in recently admixed populations.
Genome-wide Association Study for Urinary and Fecal Incontinence in Women.
Genetic variants of calcium and vitamin D metabolism in kidney stone disease.
A large-scale genomic investigation of susceptibility to infection and its association with mental disorders in the Danish population.
Genomic and Transcriptomic Association Studies Identify 16 Novel Susceptibility Loci for Venous Thromboembolism.
Trans-ethnic analysis of metabochip data identifies two new loci associated with BMI.
Novel genetic loci affecting facial shape variation in humans.
Identification of four novel associations for B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia risk.
The genetic architecture of membranous nephropathy and its potential to improve non-invasive diagnosis.
Genome-wide association study implicates CHRNA2 in cannabis use disorder.
Twelve New Genomic Loci Associated With Bone Mineral Density.
Genome-wide association and epidemiological analyses reveal common genetic origins between uterine leiomyomata and endometriosis.
Two genetic loci associated with ankle injury.
Genome-wide association study of angioedema induced by angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor and angiotensin receptor blocker treatment.
Meta-analysis of 26,638 Individuals Identifies Two Genetic Loci Associated with Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction.
Genetic Association and Expression Correlation between Colony-Stimulating Factor 1 Gene Encoding M-CSF and Adult-Onset Still's Disease.
Uganda Genome Resource Enables Insights into Population History and Genomic Discovery in Africa.
Genome-wide association analysis of venous thromboembolism identifies new risk loci and genetic overlap with arterial vascular disease.
Structural equation modeling for hypertension and type 2 diabetes based on multiple SNPs and multiple phenotypes.
Association of Genetic Variants With Primary Open-Angle Glaucoma Among Individuals With African Ancestry.
Rare and low-frequency coding variants in CXCR2 and other genes are associated with hematological traits.
Prevention of Potential Adverse Metabolic Effects of a Supplementation with Omega-3 Fatty Acids Using a Genetic Score Approach.
Genome wide association study of apparent treatment resistant hypertension in the CHARGE consortium: The CHARGE Pharmacogenetics Working Group.
Genome-wide association study identifies distinct genetic contributions to prognosis and susceptibility in Crohn's disease.
Novel pleiotropic risk loci for melanoma and nevus density implicate multiple biological pathways.
Genome-wide association study revealed novel loci which aggravate asymptomatic hyperuricaemia into gout.
Genome-wide association study of peripheral artery disease in the Million Veteran Program.
Cardiovascular Predictive Value and Genetic Basis of Ventricular Repolarization Dynamics.
PATJ Low Frequency Variants Are Associated With Worse Ischemic Stroke Functional Outcome.
A Trans-ancestral Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies Reveals Loci Associated with Childhood Obesity.
Genome-wide association study on antipsychotic-induced weight gain in Europeans and African-Americans.
rs11670527 Upstream of ZNF264 Associated with Body Mass Index in the Coriell Personalized Medicine Collaborative.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies five novel loci for age-related hearing impairment.
Biomarker and genomic risk factors for liver function test abnormality in hazardous drinkers.
12 new susceptibility loci for prostate cancer identified by genome-wide association study in Japanese population.
Genetic variants associated with mosaic Y chromosome loss highlight cell cycle genes and overlap with cancer susceptibility.
Genome-wide Association Study of Change in Fasting Glucose over time in 13,807 non-diabetic European Ancestry Individuals.
Large-scale, multi-ethnic genome-wide association study identifies novel loci contributing to asthma susceptibility in adults.
Genetic effects on planum temporale asymmetry and their limited relevance to neurodevelopmental disorders, intelligence or educational attainment.
Genomic Prediction of Tendinopathy Risk in Elite Team Sports.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analysis of Blood Pressure Response to β1-Blockers: Results From ICAPS (International Consortium of Antihypertensive Pharmacogenomics Studies).
Identification of Ten Additional Susceptibility Loci for Ulcerative Colitis Through Immunochip Analysis in Koreans.
Genetic variants at the 16p13 locus confer risk for eosinophilic esophagitis.
Exploratory genome-wide association analysis of response to ketamine and a polygenic analysis of response to scopolamine in depression.
Genome-wide association study of circulating folate one-carbon metabolites.
Genetic architecture of subcortical brain structures in 38,851 individuals.
Predicted loss and gain of function mutations in ACO1 are associated with erythropoiesis.
A genome-wide association study identifies genetic loci associated with specific lobar brain volumes.
A genome-wide association study identifies key modulators of complement factor H binding to malondialdehyde-epitopes.
Protein quantitative trait locus study in obesity during weight-loss identifies a leptin regulator.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of variant-by-diuretic interactions as modulators of lipid traits in persons of European and African ancestry.
Genome-Wide Association Studies for Cerebrospinal Fluid Soluble TREM2 in Alzheimer's Disease.
Insights into the genetic basis of retinal detachment.
Identification of Risk Loci for Parkinson Disease in Asians and Comparison of Risk Between Asians and Europeans: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Diabetogenic Adipose Morphology in the GENetics of Adipocyte Lipolysis (GENiAL) Cohort.
Genome wide association study identifies genetic associations with perceived age.
Association of body mass index with colorectal cancer risk by genome-wide variants.
Multi-ancestry sleep-by-SNP interaction analysis in 126,926 individuals reveals lipid loci stratified by sleep duration.
Genome-wide association studies and Mendelian randomization analyses for leisure sedentary behaviours.
Genome-wide association study of Buruli ulcer in rural Benin highlights role of two LncRNAs and the autophagy pathway.
Polygenic prediction and GWAS of depression, PTSD, and suicidal ideation/self-harm in a Peruvian cohort.
Candidate Gene and Genome-Wide Association Studies for Circulating Leptin Levels Reveal Population and Sex-Specific Associations in High Cardiovascular Risk Mediterranean Subjects.
Gene-based association analysis reveals involvement of LAMA5 and cell adhesion pathways in nicotine dependence in African- and European-American samples.
Mendelian Randomization Analysis Reveals a Causal Influence of Circulating Sclerostin Levels on Bone Mineral Density and Fractures.
Shared genetic architecture and casual relationship between leptin levels and type 2 diabetes: large-scale cross-trait meta-analysis and Mendelian randomization analysis.
Genome-wide association analysis of insomnia using data from Partners Biobank.
A Variation in FGF14 Is Associated with Downbeat Nystagmus in a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Incorporating spatial-anatomical similarity into the VGWAS framework for AD biomarker detection.
Genetic Study of Severe Prolonged Lymphopenia in Multiple Sclerosis Patients Treated With Dimethyl Fumarate.
Genome-wide association study of hippocampal atrophy rate in non-demented elders.
Global and Regional Development of the Human Cerebral Cortex: Molecular Architecture and Occupational Aptitudes.
Genome-wide association study identifies zonisamide responsive gene in Parkinson's disease patients.
Pleiotropic loci underlying bone mineral density and bone size identified by a bivariate genome-wide association analysis.
Genome-wide association study of eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis reveals genomic loci stratified by ANCA status.
Genome-wide association study of body fat distribution identifies adiposity loci and sex-specific genetic effects.
Association of Myopia and Intraocular Pressure With Retinal Detachment in European Descent Participants of the UK Biobank Cohort: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Early progression to active tuberculosis is a highly heritable trait driven by 3q23 in Peruvians.
Immunochip analyses identify a novel risk locus for primary biliary cirrhosis at 13q14, multiple independent associations at four established risk loci and epistasis between 1p31 and 7q32 risk variants.
Genome-wide association studies for corneal and refractive astigmatism in UK Biobank demonstrate a shared role for myopia susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study of MRI markers of cerebral small vessel disease in 42,310 participants.
Genetic factors associated with elevation of uric acid after treatment with thiazide-like diuretic in patients with essential hypertension.
Genotype-by-environment interactions inferred from genetic effects on phenotypic variability in the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study of semen volume, sperm concentration, testis size, and plasma inhibin B levels.
ExomeChip-Wide Analysis of 95 626 Individuals Identifies 10 Novel Loci Associated With QT and JT Intervals.
Identification of novel high-impact recessively inherited type 2 diabetes risk variants in the Greenlandic population.
A regulatory variant of CHRM3 is associated with cannabis-induced hallucinations in European Americans.
Integrative genomic analysis in African American children with asthma finds three novel loci associated with lung function.
Genetic variation in the body mass index of adult survivors of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia: A report from the Childhood Cancer Survivor Study and the St. Jude Lifetime Cohort.
General regression model: A "model-free" association test for quantitative traits allowing to test for the underlying genetic model.
Genetic determinants of circulating VEGF levels in major depressive disorder and electroconvulsive therapy response.
Genetic mechanisms of critical illness in Covid-19.
Evaluating the genetic effects of sex hormone traits on the development of mental traits: a polygenic score analysis and gene-environment-wide interaction study in UK Biobank cohort.
Neuropathological correlates and genetic architecture of microglial activation in elderly human brain.
Polygenic risk score for disability and insights into disability-related molecular mechanisms.
Susceptibility to neurofibrillary tangles: role of the PTPRD locus and limited pleiotropy with other neuropathologies.
Non-del(5q) myelodysplastic syndromes-associated loci detected by SNP-array genome-wide association meta-analysis.
Constructing gene network for type 1 narcolepsy based on genome-wide association study and differential gene expression analysis (STROBE).
Two-stage genome-wide association study of chronic rhinosinusitis and disease subphenotypes highlights mucosal immunity contributing to risk.
The Genetic Architecture of Parkinson Disease in Spain: Characterizing Population-Specific Risk, Differential Haplotype Structures, and Providing Etiologic Insight.
Alcohol, Carbohydrate, and Calcium Intakes and Smoking Interactions with APOA5 rs662799 and rs2266788 were Associated with Elevated Plasma Triglyceride Concentrations in a Cross-Sectional Study of Korean Adults.
Sex-dimorphic genetic effects and novel loci for fasting glucose and insulin variability.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility loci for KIT D816V positive mastocytosis.
Early complement genes are associated with visual system degeneration in multiple sclerosis.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of epigenetic age acceleration.
Strong effects of genetic and lifestyle factors on biomarker variation and use of personalized cutoffs.
Multi-Ancestry Genome-Wide Association Study of Spontaneous Clearance of Hepatitis C Virus.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Susceptibility to Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
Genome Wide Association Study Identifies Genetic Variants Associated With Early And Sustained Response To (Peg)Interferon In Chronic Hepatitis B Patients: The GIANT-B Study.
Genetic association of a gain of function interferon gamma receptor 1 (IFNGR1) polymorphism and the intergenic region LNCAROD/DKK1 with Behçet's disease.
Genetic variants affecting bone mineral density and bone mineral content at multiple skeletal sites in Hispanic children.
Germline variants are associated with increased primary melanoma tumor thickness at diagnosis.
A genome-wide association study finds genetic variants associated with neck or shoulder pain in UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study identifies 32 novel breast cancer susceptibility loci from overall and subtype-specific analyses.
High-density genotyping study identifies four new susceptibility loci for atopic dermatitis.
Genome-wide association study of non-alcoholic fatty liver and steatohepatitis in a histologically-characterised cohort.
Transethnic Meta-analysis of Genome-wide Association Studies Identifies Three New Loci and Characterizes Population-specific Differences for Coronary Artery Disease.
Understanding the genetic determinants of the brain with MOSTest.
Pharmacogenetic assessment of tafenoquine efficacy in patients with Plasmodium vivax malaria.
Large-scale genome-wide association study in a Japanese population identifies novel susceptibility loci across different diseases.
Molecular genetic contributions to self-rated health.
A fully joint Bayesian quantitative trait locus mapping of human protein abundance in plasma.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Lean Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease Suggests Human Leukocyte Antigen as a Novel Candidate Locus.
Genetically regulated expression underlies cellular sensitivity to chemotherapy in diverse populations.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Circulating Interleukin 6 Levels Identifies Novel Loci.
Genome-wide association for HbA1c in Malay identified deletion on SLC4A1 that influences HbA1c independent of glycemia.
Family-based genome-wide association study of leprosy in Vietnam.
Identification of 31 loci for mammographic density phenotypes and their associations with breast cancer risk.
Association of genetic variants in migraineurs with and without restless legs syndrome.
Common risk variants in NPHS1 and TNFSF15 are associated with childhood steroid-sensitive nephrotic syndrome.
Identifying Interactions between Dietary Sodium, Potassium, Sodium-Potassium Ratios, and FGF5 rs16998073 Variants and Their Associated Risk for Hypertension in Korean Adults.
Exome chip association study excluded the involvement of rare coding variants with large effect sizes in the etiology of anorectal malformations.
Genome-wide Association Studies Reveal Novel Locus With Sex-/Therapy-Specific Fracture Risk Effects in Childhood Cancer Survivors.
Genome-wide interaction analysis of pathological hallmarks in Alzheimer's disease.
Association of the RPA3-UMAD1 locus with interstitial lung diseases complicated with rheumatoid arthritis in Japanese.
Distinct genetic architectures and environmental factors associate with host response to the γ2-herpesvirus infections.
Genetic variants are identified to increase risk of COVID-19 related mortality from UK Biobank data.
Studies of human twins reveal genetic variation that affects dietary fat perception.
Clonal myelopoiesis in the UK Biobank cohort: ASXL1 mutations are strongly associated with smoking.
Genome-Wide Association Meta-Analysis of Single-Nucleotide Polymorphisms and Symptomatic Venous Thromboembolism during Therapy for Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia and Lymphoma in Caucasian Children.
Genome-wide Association Study of the Postprandial Triglyceride Response Yields Common Genetic Variation in Hepatic Lipase (LIPC).
Common and rare susceptibility genetic variants predisposing to Brugada Syndrome in Thailand.
Exploring the Novel Susceptibility Gene Variants for Primary Open-Angle Glaucoma in East Asian Cohorts: The GLAU-GENDISK Study.
Novel Risk Loci Associated With Genetic Risk for Bipolar Disorder Among Han Chinese Individuals: A Genome-Wide Association Study and Meta-analysis.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Suicide Death and Polygenic Prediction of Clinical Antecedents.
Association Between ABCB1 Genetic Variants and Persistent Chemotherapy-Induced Alopecia in Women With Breast Cancer.
A genome-wide meta-analysis yields 46 new loci associating with biomarkers of iron homeostasis.
A genome-wide association study identifies new loci for factor VII and implicates factor VII in ischemic stroke etiology.
PPARGC1B Is Associated with Nontraumatic Osteonecrosis of the Femoral Head: A Genomewide Association Study on a Chart-Reviewed Cohort.
A positively selected FBN1 missense variant reduces height in Peruvian individuals.
Age-of-onset information helps identify 76 genetic variants associated with allergic disease.
Multi-ethnic Genome-wide Association Study of Decomposed Cardioelectric Phenotypes Illustrates Strategies to Identify and Characterize Evidence of Shared Genetic Effects for Complex Traits.
Genome-wide Analyses Identify a Novel Risk Locus for Nonsyndromic Cleft Palate.
A pooled genome-wide association study identifies pancreatic cancer susceptibility loci on chromosome 19p12 and 19p13.3 in the full-Jewish population.
Chances and challenges of machine learning-based disease classification in genetic association studies illustrated on age-related macular degeneration.
Identification of a novel polymorphism associated with reduced clozapine concentration in schizophrenia patients-a genome-wide association study adjusting for smoking habits.
Multi-ethnic transcriptome-wide association study of prostate cancer.
Genetic risk, incident gastric cancer, and healthy lifestyle: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies and prospective cohort study.
Genetic Architecture of Circulating Very-Long-Chain (C24:0 and C22:0) Ceramide Concentrations.
Regulatory CDH4 genetic variants associate with risk to develop capecitabine-induced hand-foot syndrome.
A single genetic locus associated with pediatric fractures: A genome-wide association study on 3,230 patients.
Genomic Analysis Identifies New Loci Associated With Motor Complications in Parkinson's Disease.
Genome-wide association study of statin-induced myopathy in patients recruited using the UK clinical practice research datalink.
Genome-wide association study and polygenic risk score analysis of esketamine treatment response.
Genetic aetiology of self-harm ideation and behaviour.
FLT3 stop mutation increases FLT3 ligand level and risk of autoimmune thyroid disease.
Generalized correlation coefficient for genome-wide association analysis of cognitive ability in twins.
Genetic Determinants of Antibody-Mediated Immune Responses to Infectious Diseases Agents: A Genome-Wide and HLA Association Study.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analysis Validates a Roless for S1PR1 in Microtubule Targeting Agent-Induced Sensory Peripheral Neuropathy.
Metabolomic and genetic associations with insulin resistance in pregnancy.
Results from a Genome-Wide Association Study (GWAS) in Mastocytosis Reveal New Gene Polymorphisms Associated with WHO Subgroups.
Remote modulation of lncRNA GCLET by risk variant at 16p13 underlying genetic susceptibility to gastric cancer.
Multivariate genomic scan implicates novel loci and haem metabolism in human ageing.
Association between non-Caucasian-specific ASCC1 gene polymorphism and osteoporosis and obesity in Korean postmenopausal women.
Interactions of Habitual Coffee Consumption by Genetic Polymorphisms with the Risk of Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes Combined.
Three pleiotropic loci associated with bone mineral density and lean body mass.
Immunochip meta-analysis in European and Argentinian populations identifies two novel genetic loci associated with celiac disease.
Genome-wide association study of pediatric obsessive-compulsive traits: shared genetic risk between traits and disorder.
Large scale meta-analysis highlights the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal (HPG) axis in the genetic regulation of menstrual cycle length.
Genome-wide analysis identifies novel susceptibility loci for myocardial infarction.
Volumetric GWAS of medial temporal lobe structures identifies an ERC1 locus using ADNI high-resolution T2-weighted MRI data.
Phenotypic and Genetic Characterization of Lower LDL-C and Increased Type-2 Diabetes Risk in the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association studies and heritability analysis reveal the involvement of host genetics in the Japanese gut microbiota.
Molecular Genetic Contributions to Social Deprivation and Household Income in UK Biobank.
GWAS of thyroid stimulating hormone highlights pleiotropic effects and inverse association with thyroid cancer.
Genetic predictors of participation in optional components of UK Biobank.
Genetic prediction of male pattern baldness.
Genome-wide scan identifies opioid overdose risk locus close to MCOLN1.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association study identifies FBN2 as a novel locus associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in Thai population.
New alcohol-related genes suggest shared genetic mechanisms with neuropsychiatric disorders.
Complimentary Methods for Multivariate Genome-Wide Association Study Identify New Susceptibility Genes for Blood Cell Traits.
Genome-wide association study of serum liver enzymes implicates diverse metabolic and liver pathology.
DSP variants may be associated with longitudinal change in quantitative emphysema.
Genome-wide association analysis of common genetic variants of resistant hypertension.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of depression identifies 102 independent variants and highlights the importance of the prefrontal brain regions.
A genome-wide association study of bitter and sweet beverage consumption.
Urinary metabolite quantitative trait loci in children and their interaction with dietary factors.
Shared genetic risk factors across carbamazepine-induced hypersensitivity reactions.
Genome-wide association study of multisite chronic pain in UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study identifies CBFA2T3 affecting the rate of CSF Aβ42 decline in non-demented elders.
Genomic analysis of male puberty timing highlights shared genetic basis with hair colour and lifespan.
Circulating chemerin levels are determined through circulating platelet counts in nondiabetic Taiwanese people: A bidirectional Mendelian randomization study.
Genome-wide association scan identifies new variants associated with a cognitive predictor of dyslexia.
Analysis of pleiotropic genetic effects on cognitive impairment, systemic inflammation, and plasma lipids in the Health and Retirement Study.
Polygenic analysis of the effect of common and low-frequency genetic variants on serum uric acid levels in Korean individuals.
Large-scale GWAS reveals insights into the genetic architecture of same-sex sexual behavior.
GWAS of habitual coffee consumption reveals a sex difference in the genetic effect of the 12q24 locus in the Japanese population.
A case-control genome-wide association study of ADHD discovers a novel association with the tenascin R (TNR) gene.
Genetic correlations and genome-wide associations of cortical structure in general population samples of 22,824 adults.
Limited overlap in significant hits between genome-wide association studies on two airflow obstruction definitions in the same population.
Pleiotropic Meta-Analysis of Cognition, Education, and Schizophrenia Differentiates Roles of Early Neurodevelopmental and Adult Synaptic Pathways.
Variation in SIPA1L2 is Correlated with Phenotype Modification in CMT Type 1A.
Genome-wide association study of corneal biomechanical properties identifies over 200 loci providing insight into the genetic aetiology of ocular diseases.
Two novel genetic variants in the STK38L and RAB27A genes are associated with glioma susceptibility.
A GWAS in Latin Americans identifies novel face shape loci, implicating VPS13B and a Denisovan introgressed region in facial variation.
Genome-wide association study of post-traumatic stress disorder reexperiencing symptoms in >165,000 US veterans.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus associated with psychological distress in the Japanese population.
A Sex-Stratified Genome-Wide Association Study of Tuberculosis Using a Multi-Ethnic Genotyping Array.
Exploring the genetic architecture of inflammatory bowel disease by whole-genome sequencing identifies association at ADCY7.
A common missense variant in NUDT15 confers susceptibility to thiopurine-induced leukopenia.
GWAS and enrichment analyses of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease identify new trait-associated genes and pathways across eMERGE Network.
Sequence variants associating with urinary biomarkers.
Large-scale genome-wide meta-analysis of polycystic ovary syndrome suggests shared genetic architecture for different diagnosis criteria.
Genome-wide association study identifies eight risk loci and implicates metabo-psychiatric origins for anorexia nervosa.
Genome-wide association study for circulating fibroblast growth factor 21 and 23.
Genome-Wide Association Study for the Identification of Novel Genetic Variants Associated with the Risk of Neuroblastoma in Korean Children.
Common susceptibility loci for male breast cancer.
A Genome-wide Association Study for Concussion Risk.
Genetic Risk of Trigger Finger: Results of a Genomewide Association Study.
Genome-wide association study in a Korean population identifies six novel susceptibility loci for rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide association studies of impulsive personality traits (BIS-11 and UPPSP) and drug experimentation in up to 22,861 adult research participants identify loci in the CACNA1I and CADM2 genes.
Circulating oxytocin is genetically determined and associated with obesity and impaired glucose tolerance.
Clinical and Genetic Determinants of Varicose Veins.
A genome wide association study on lipoprotein(a) levels and coronary artery disease severity in a Chinese population.
Genome-wide enriched pathway analysis of acute post-radiotherapy pain in breast cancer patients: a prospective cohort study.
Heritability of Atrial Fibrillation.
A genome-wide association study identifies two novel susceptible regions for squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
Association of OPRM1 Functional Coding Variant With Opioid Use Disorder: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
A genome-wide association study of mitochondrial DNA copy number in two population-based cohorts.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease CSF biomarkers in the EMIF-AD Multimodal Biomarker Discovery dataset.
Genome-wide association study across European and African American ancestries identifies a SNP in DNMT3B contributing to nicotine dependence.
Bivariate genome-wide association study (GWAS) of body mass index and blood pressure phenotypes in northern Chinese twins.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel maternal gene × stress interaction associated with spontaneous preterm birth.
Novel loci associated with increased risk of sudden cardiac death in the context of coronary artery disease.
ZRANB3 is an African-specific type 2 diabetes locus associated with beta-cell mass and insulin response.
Genetic variants associated with longitudinal changes in brain structure across the lifespan.
A variant within the FTO confers susceptibility to diabetic nephropathy in Japanese patients with type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of corneal curvature identifies novel loci and shared genetic influences across axial length and refractive error.
Genome-wide association study (GWAS) of ovarian cancer in Japanese predicted regulatory variants in 22q13.1.
Unsupervised Modeling and Genome-Wide Association Identify Novel Features of Allergic March Trajectories.
Genotypes of Pain and Analgesia in a Randomized Trial of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
Sequence variation at ANAPC1 accounts for 24% of the variability in corneal endothelial cell density.
Genomic Effects Associated With Response to Placebo Treatment in a Randomized Trial of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
A Genome-Wide Association Study in Early COPD: Identification of One Major Susceptibility Loci.
Genome-wide association study of metabolites in patients with coronary artery disease identified novel metabolite quantitative trait loci.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Colony Stimulating Factor 1 Locus Conferring Susceptibility to Cryptococcosis in Human Immunodeficiency Virus-Infected South Africans.
FUT2-ABO epistasis increases the risk of early childhood asthma and Streptococcus pneumoniae respiratory illnesses.
Using human genetics to understand the disease impacts of testosterone in men and women.
Exome Chip Analysis of 14,026 Koreans Reve-als Known and Newly Discovered Genetic Loci Associated with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Function of multiple sclerosis-protective HLA class I alleles revealed by genome-wide protein-quantitative trait loci mapping of interferon signalling.
Genome-wide association study identifies CDH13 as a susceptibility gene for rhododendrol-induced leukoderma.
Genetic analyses of diverse populations improves discovery for complex traits.
A genome-wide association study for highly sensitive cardiac troponin T levels identified a novel genetic variation near a RBAK-ZNF890P locus in the Japanese general population.
Identification of 28 new susceptibility loci for type 2 diabetes in the Japanese population.
Identification of new therapeutic targets for osteoarthritis through genome-wide analyses of UK Biobank data.
Bivariate Genome-Wide Association Scan Identifies 6 Novel Loci Associated With Lipid Levels and Coronary Artery Disease.
A genetic variant in IL-6 lowering its expression is protective for critical patients with COVID-19.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Diabetic Kidney Disease in Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes.
Genome-wide meta-analysis, fine-mapping and integrative prioritization implicate new Alzheimer's disease risk genes.
Genome-wide pQTL analysis of protein expression regulatory networks in the human liver.
Clinicogenomic factors of biotherapy immunogenicity in autoimmune disease: A prospective multicohort study of the ABIRISK consortium.
Genome-wide and candidate gene association analyses identify a 14-SNPs combination for hypertension in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Genetic predictors of chemotherapy-related amenorrhea in women with breast cancer.
A multi-ancestry sex stratified genome-wide association study of spontaneous clearance of hepatitis C virus.
Contribution of a European-Prevalent Variant near CD83 and an East Asian-Prevalent Variant near IL17RB to Herpes Zoster Risk in Tofacitinib Treatment: Results of Genome-Wide Association Study Meta-Analyses.
Colocalization analysis of pancreas eQTLs with risk loci from alcoholic and novel non-alcoholic chronic pancreatitis GWAS suggests potential disease causing mechanisms.
The 677C→T variant of MTHFR is the major genetic modifier of biomarkers of folate status in a young, healthy Irish population.
Radiogenomics Consortium Genome-Wide Association Study Meta-analysis of Late Toxicity after Prostate Cancer Radiotherapy.
GWAS identifies 14 loci for device-measured physical activity and sleep duration.
A case-control genome wide association study of substance use disorder (SUD) identifies novel variants on chromosome 7p14.1 in patients from the United Arab Emirates (UAE).
Association of an IGHV3-66 gene variant with Kawasaki disease.
Genome wide association study to identify predictors for severe skin toxicity in colorectal cancer patients treated with cetuximab.
Identification of genetic loci associated with nocturnal enuresis: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of breakfast skipping links clock regulation with food timing.
An expanded analysis framework for multivariate GWAS connects inflammatory biomarkers to functional variants and disease.
Association of genetic variation with cirrhosis: a multi-trait genome-wide association and gene-environment interaction study.
Genome-wide association study of non-tuberculous mycobacterial pulmonary disease.
Genetic variants in nuclear DNA along with environmental factors modify mitochondrial DNA copy number: a population-based exome-wide association study.
Native American ancestry significantly contributes to neuromyelitis optica susceptibility in the admixed Mexican population.
Genome-wide by environment interaction studies of depressive symptoms and psychosocial stress in UK Biobank and Generation Scotland.
A whole genome sequencing study of moderate to severe asthma identifies a lung function locus associated with asthma risk.
Identification of the 12q24 locus associated with fish intake frequency by genome-wide meta-analysis in Japanese populations.
Integrative analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies novel loci associated with neuropsychiatric disorders.
Identification of susceptibility loci for Takayasu arteritis through a large multi-ancestral genome-wide association study.
Loss-of-function genomic variants highlight potential therapeutic targets for cardiovascular disease.
A genome-wide association study identifies an association between variants in EFCAB4B gene and periodontal disease in an Italian isolated population.
Genome and epigenome wide studies of neurological protein biomarkers in the Lothian Birth Cohort 1936.
Common genetic variation associated with Mendelian disease severity revealed through cryptic phenotype analysis.
Molecular mimicry between Anoctamin 2 and Epstein-Barr virus nuclear antigen 1 associates with multiple sclerosis risk.
Pan-cancer study detects genetic risk variants and shared genetic basis in two large cohorts.
BRCA1/2-negative, high-risk breast cancers (BRCAX) for Asian women: genetic susceptibility loci and their potential impacts.
Genome-wide association study of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, D-dimer and Interleukin-6 levels in multi-ethnic HIV+ cohorts.
Common Genetic Variations Associated with the Persistence of Immunity following Childhood Immunization.
Imputation of variants from the 1000 Genomes Project modestly improves known associations and can identify low-frequency variant-phenotype associations undetected by HapMap based imputation.
Assessing the genetic association between vitamin B6 metabolism and genetic generalized epilepsy.
Genome-wide association study reveals novel genetic locus associated with intra-individual variability in response time.
Identification and replication of six new loci associated with gallstone disease.
Genome-Wide Association and Mechanistic Studies Indicate That Immune Response Contributes to Alzheimer's Disease Development.
Exome array analysis identifies new loci and low-frequency variants influencing insulin processing and secretion.
Genome-wide association study of patients with a severe major depressive episode treated with electroconvulsive therapy.
Genome-wide meta-analysis reveals novel susceptibility loci for thyrotoxic periodic paralysis.
Multiethnic genome-wide association study of differentiated thyroid cancer in the EPITHYR consortium.
Genome-wide landscape establishes novel association signals for metabolic traits in the Arab population.
A prospective study of the associations among fine particulate matter, genetic variants, and the risk of colorectal cancer.
GWAS and PheWAS of red blood cell components in a Northern Nevadan cohort.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis Across 16,956 Patients Identifies a Novel Genetic Association Between BMP6, NIPAL1, CNGA1 and Spondylosis.
Genome-wide association study of primary open-angle glaucoma in continental and admixed African populations.
Genome-Wide Association Study Meta-Analysis of the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) in Two Population-Based Cohorts.
Genetic Predisposition to Coronary Artery Disease in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Clinical and Genetic Predictors of Priapism in Sickle Cell Disease: Results from the Recipient Epidemiology and Donor Evaluation Study III Brazil Cohort Study.
A genome-wide association study implicates multiple mechanisms influencing raised urinary albumin-creatinine ratio.
Identification of novel loci associated with hip shape: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Plasticity-related gene 3 (LPPR1) and age at diagnosis of Parkinson disease.
Variants associating with uterine leiomyoma highlight genetic background shared by various cancers and hormone-related traits.
Use of genetic variation to separate the effects of early and later life adiposity on disease risk: mendelian randomisation study.
Genome-Wide Meta-analysis identifies three novel loci associated with stroke.
GWAS of three molecular traits highlights core genes and pathways alongside a highly polygenic background.
Variation in the SERPINA6/SERPINA1 locus alters morning plasma cortisol, hepatic corticosteroid binding globulin expression, gene expression in peripheral tissues, and risk of cardiovascular disease.
Trans-ancestry genome-wide association meta-analysis of prostate cancer identifies new susceptibility loci and informs genetic risk prediction.
Meta-analysis of 208370 East Asians identifies 113 susceptibility loci for systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide association study of microscopic colitis in the UK Biobank confirms immune-related pathogenesis.
Multivariate genome-wide analyses of the well-being spectrum.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 39 new susceptibility loci for diverticular disease.
Single- and Multimarker Genome-Wide Scans Evidence Novel Genetic Risk Modifiers for Venous Thromboembolism.
Genetics of serum urate concentrations and gout in a high-risk population, patients with chronic kidney disease.
The metabolic network coherence of human transcriptomes is associated with genetic variation at the cadherin 18 locus.
The First Genome-Wide Association Study for Type 2 Diabetes in Youth: The Progress in Diabetes Genetics in Youth (ProDiGY) Consortium.
Genetics of self-reported risk-taking behaviour, trans-ethnic consistency and relevance to brain gene expression.
GWAS for systemic sclerosis identifies multiple risk loci and highlights fibrotic and vasculopathy pathways.
GWAS of peptic ulcer disease implicates Helicobacter pylori infection, other gastrointestinal disorders and depression.
Coffee Consumption and Kidney Function: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Copy Number Variant Analysis and Genome-wide Association Study Identify Loci with Large Effect for Vesicoureteral Reflux.
Genome-wide association study of self-reported walking pace suggests beneficial effects of brisk walking on health and survival.
Genome-wide variants of Eurasian facial shape differentiation and a prospective model of DNA based face prediction.
A genome-wide association study of sodium levels and drug metabolism in an epilepsy cohort treated with carbamazepine and oxcarbazepine.
Assessing the genetic correlations between early growth parameters and bone mineral density: A polygenic risk score analysis.
Insights into malaria susceptibility using genome-wide data on 17,000 individuals from Africa, Asia and Oceania.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis on alcohol-related liver cirrhosis identifies novel genetic risk factors.
Genome-Wide Association Studies Identify Two Novel Loci Conferring Susceptibility to Diabetic Retinopathy in Japanese Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.
Genetic Determinants of Telomere Length in African American Youth.
A genome-wide association analysis identifies 16 novel susceptibility loci for carpal tunnel syndrome.
Genome-wide association study of morbid obesity in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of gene-environmental interaction for insulin-resistance phenotypes and breast cancer risk in postmenopausal women.
Inherited myeloproliferative neoplasm risk affects haematopoietic stem cells.
Genetic determinants of risk in autoimmune pulmonary alveolar proteinosis.
Pathway analysis of a genome-wide gene by air pollution interaction study in asthmatic children.
Lung Cancer Risk in Never Smokers of European Descent is Associated with Genetic Variation in the 5P15.33 TERT-CLPTM1L Region.
Genome-Wide Association Study Highlights APOH as a Novel Locus for Lipoprotein(a) Levels.
Genetic variation in GC and CYP2R1 affects 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration and skeletal parameters: A genome-wide association study in 24-month-old Finnish children.
Sex-Specific Genetic Associations for Barrett's Esophagus and Esophageal Adenocarcinoma.
Identification of sequence variants influencing immunoglobulin levels.
FADS3 is a delta14Z sphingoid base desaturase that contributes to gender differences to the human plasma sphingolipidome.
Genome Wide Association Studies of Specific Antinuclear Autoantibody Sub-phenotypes in Primary Biliary Cholangitis.
Genome-wide analyses of psychological resilience in U.S. Army soldiers.
A case-only study to identify genetic modifiers of breast cancer risk for BRCA1/BRCA2 mutation carriers.
Sequence variants in ARHGAP15, COLQ and FAM155A associate with diverticular disease and diverticulitis.
A genome-wide association study of suicide attempts and suicidal ideation in U.S. military veterans.
Genome-wide association analysis of cognitive function in Danish long-lived individuals.
A genome-wide association study identifies a 3'UTR genetic variant of RARB associated with carotid intima-media thickness in rheumatoid arthritis.
A genome-wide association study suggests new evidence for an association of the NADPH Oxidase 4 (NOX4) gene with severe diabetic retinopathy in type 2 diabetes.
"The Heidelberg Five" personality dimensions: Genome-wide associations, polygenic risk for neuroticism, and psychopathology 20 years after assessment.
Understanding the genetic architecture of the metabolically unhealthy normal weight and metabolically healthy obese phenotypes in a Korean population.
Identification of novel loci associated with infant cognitive ability.
Refining genome-wide associated loci for serum uric acid in individuals with African ancestry.
Genome-wide association analysis of 17,019 Korean women identifies variants associated with facial pigmented spots.
Genome-wide interaction study of early-life smoking exposure on time-to-asthma onset in childhood.
An exome array study of the plasma metabolome.
Genome-wide association study reveals a novel locus for asthma with severe exacerbations in diverse populations.
Genetic determinants of ferritin, haemoglobin levels and haemoglobin trajectories: results from Donor InSight.
GWAS for autoimmune Addison's disease identifies multiple risk loci and highlights AIRE in disease susceptibility.
Genetic analysis in UK Biobank links insulin resistance and transendothelial migration pathways to coronary artery disease.
Seventy-five genetic loci influencing the human red blood cell.
Citalopram and escitalopram plasma drug and metabolite concentrations: genome-wide associations.
A meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies to identify novel loci for maximum number of alcoholic drinks.
Genome-wide association study of the five-factor model of personality in young Korean women.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies ten loci influencing allergic sensitization.
Association of genome-wide variation with highly sensitive cardiac troponin-T levels in European Americans and Blacks: a meta-analysis from atherosclerosis risk in communities and cardiovascular health studies.
Variation at 10p12.2 and 10p14 influences risk of childhood B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia and phenotype.
Genetic contributions to urgency urinary incontinence in women.
A genome-wide association study implicates the APOE locus in nonpathological cognitive ageing.
Genetic variations affecting serum carcinoembryonic antigen levels and status of regional lymph nodes in patients with sporadic colorectal cancer from Southern China.
A genome-wide association study of brain lesion distribution in multiple sclerosis.
A genome-wide association study of breast cancer in women of African ancestry.
Haplotypes with copy number and single nucleotide polymorphisms in CYP2A6 locus are associated with smoking quantity in a Japanese population.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in East Asian-ancestry populations identifies four new loci for body mass index.
Genome-wide association study identified the human leukocyte antigen region as a novel locus for plasma beta-2 microglobulin.
Forty-three loci associated with plasma lipoprotein size, concentration, and cholesterol content in genome-wide analysis.
Genome-wide data reveal novel genes for methotrexate response in a large cohort of juvenile idiopathic arthritis cases.
Genome-wide association analyses in East Asians identify new susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer.
Common variant in 6q26-q27 is associated with distal colon cancer in an Asian population.
Sequence variants at the TERT-CLPTM1L locus associate with many cancer types.
Genetic association suggests that SMOC1 mediates between prenatal sex hormones and digit ratio.
Common variants associated with general and MMR vaccine-related febrile seizures.
Novel Loci for metabolic networks and multi-tissue expression studies reveal genes for atherosclerosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies ephrin type A receptors implicated in paclitaxel induced peripheral sensory neuropathy.
The National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health (Add Health) sibling pairs genome-wide data.
A systemic sclerosis and systemic lupus erythematosus pan-meta-GWAS reveals new shared susceptibility loci.
Genetic determinants of common epilepsies: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
A genome-wide association study of Hodgkin's lymphoma identifies new susceptibility loci at 2p16.1 (REL), 8q24.21 and 10p14 (GATA3).
Genome-wide association study of Crohn's disease in Koreans revealed three new susceptibility loci and common attributes of genetic susceptibility across ethnic populations.
A genome-wide association study of rheumatoid arthritis without antibodies against citrullinated peptides.
Variation at 3p24.1 and 6q23.3 influences the risk of Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for thoracic aortic aneurysms and aortic dissections spanning FBN1 at 15q21.1.
Genome-wide association study of handedness excludes simple genetic models.
Genome-wide association study for serum complement C3 and C4 levels in healthy Chinese subjects.
Genome-wide association study identifies three novel genetic markers associated with elite endurance performance.
Genome-wide association study does not reveal major genetic determinants for anti-cytomegalovirus antibody response.
GWAS of human bitter taste perception identifies new loci and reveals additional complexity of bitter taste genetics.
Genome-wide association study of serum minerals levels in children of different ethnic background.
Genome-wide association study identifies ZFHX1B as a susceptibility locus for severe myopia.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of plasma renin activity and concentration reveal association with the kininogen 1 and prekallikrein genes.
Identification of a variant in KDR associated with serum VEGFR2 and pharmacodynamics of Pazopanib.
Infection and inflammation in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder: a genome wide study for interactions with genetic variation.
Genome-wide Analysis of Body Proportion Classifies Height-Associated Variants by Mechanism of Action and Implicates Genes Important for Skeletal Development.
Beyond cigarettes per day. A genome-wide association study of the biomarker carbon monoxide.
Genome-wide association study identified UQCC locus for spine bone size in humans.
Novel risk loci for rheumatoid arthritis in Han Chinese and congruence with risk variants in Europeans.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for cutaneous lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide analysis of methotrexate pharmacogenomics in rheumatoid arthritis shows multiple novel risk variants and leads for TYMS regulation.
A common variant in myosin-18B contributes to mathematical abilities in children with dyslexia and intraparietal sulcus variability in adults.
Genetic loci associated with circulating levels of very long-chain saturated fatty acids.
Genome-wide and gene-based association studies of anxiety disorders in European and African American samples.
Phenome-wide Association Study Relating Pretreatment Laboratory Parameters With Human Genetic Variants in AIDS Clinical Trials Group Protocols.
A genome-wide association study of susceptibility to acute lymphoblastic leukemia in adolescents and young adults.
Prediction of breast cancer survival using clinical and genetic markers by tumor subtypes.
Genome-wide association study in obsessive-compulsive disorder: results from the OCGAS.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identification of Novel Loci Associated with Airway Responsiveness in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies ITPR2 as a susceptibility gene for Kashin-Beck disease in Han Chinese.
Phenotypic dissection of bone mineral density reveals skeletal site specificity and facilitates the identification of novel loci in the genetic regulation of bone mass attainment.
Chromosome 2q31.1 associates with ESRD in women with type 1 diabetes.
Genome-wide association analyses of child genotype effects and parent-of-origin effects in specific language impairment.
Genome-wide study of percent emphysema on computed tomography in the general population. The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis Lung/SNP Health Association Resource Study.
Common genetic variants associated with cognitive performance identified using the proxy-phenotype method.
Genome-wide screening for DNA variants associated with reading and language traits.
Genome-wide association study of endometrial cancer in E2C2.
Plasma lipids, genetic variants near APOA1, and the risk of infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
Novel common variants and susceptible haplotype for exfoliation glaucoma specific to Asian population.
New loci associated with birth weight identify genetic links between intrauterine             growth and adult height and metabolism.
EMR-linked GWAS study: investigation of variation landscape of loci for body mass index in children.
Genome-wide association study implicates NDST3 in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Genetic variants in the immunoglobulin heavy chain locus are associated with the IgG index in multiple sclerosis.
Gene-age interactions in blood pressure regulation: a large-scale investigation with the CHARGE, Global BPgen, and ICBP Consortia.
Novel genes for airway wall thickness identified with combined genome-wide association and expression analyses.
Genome-wide association study of sexual maturation in males and females highlights a role for body mass and menarche loci in male puberty.
Genome-wide association study of intracranial aneurysms confirms role of Anril and SOX17 in disease risk.
Genome wide association study identifies KCNMA1 contributing to human obesity.
A genome-wide association analysis of temozolomide response using lymphoblastoid cell lines shows a clinically relevant association with MGMT.
A genome-wide association study on a southern European population identifies a new Crohn's disease susceptibility locus at RBX1-EP300.
Genetic modifiers of cystic fibrosis-related diabetes.
Two independent alleles at 6q23 associated with risk of rheumatoid arthritis.
SUCLG2 identified as both a determinator of CSF Aβ1-42 levels and an attenuator of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study of intraocular pressure identifies the GLCCI1/ICA1 region as a glaucoma susceptibility locus.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies 11 risk variants associated with the asthma with hay fever phenotype.
Genome-wide association study of cocaine dependence and related traits: FAM53B identified as a risk gene.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies new endometriosis risk loci.
RTN4 and FBXL17 Genes are Associated with Coronary Heart Disease in Genome-Wide Association Analysis of Lithuanian Families.
Chemerin, a novel adipokine in the regulation of angiogenesis.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis of chronic widespread pain: evidence for involvement of the 5p15.2 region.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status and blood group B are associated with elevated serum lipase activity in asymptomatic subjects, and an increased risk for chronic pancreatitis: a genetic association study.
A genome-wide association study of intra-ocular pressure suggests a novel association in the gene FAM125B in the TwinsUK cohort.
A genome-wide association study of anorexia nervosa.
Genomewide association study for onset age in Parkinson disease.
ITPA gene variants protect against anaemia in patients treated for chronic hepatitis C.
Genome-wide association study identifies a potent locus associated with human opioid sensitivity.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies six new loci associated with forced vital capacity.
Common variants at 6p21.1 are associated with large artery atherosclerotic stroke.
Identification of a melanoma susceptibility locus and somatic mutation in TET2.
A three-stage genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for late radiotherapy toxicity at 2q24.1.
Parent-of-origin-specific allelic associations among 106 genomic loci for age at menarche.
White matter integrity as an intermediate phenotype: exploratory genome-wide association analysis in individuals at high risk of bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association study of celiac disease in North America confirms FRMD4B as new celiac locus.
Genetic variation modifies risk for neurodegeneration based on biomarker status.
A variant near MTNR1B is associated with increased fasting plasma glucose levels and type 2 diabetes risk.
Association of genetic variants on 15q12 with cortical thickness and cognition in schizophrenia.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from the CHARGE consortium identifies common variants associated with carotid intima media thickness and plaque.
Genome-wide association studies and heritability estimates of body mass index related phenotypes in Bangladeshi adults.
Genome wide association and linkage analyses identified three loci-4q25, 17q23.2, and 10q11.21-associated with variation in leukocyte telomere length: the Long Life Family Study.
A genome-wide association study identifies polymorphisms in the HLA-DR region associated with non-response to hepatitis B vaccination in Chinese Han populations.
A genome-wide gene-environment interaction analysis for tobacco smoke and lung cancer susceptibility.
Genetic variants in five novel loci including CFB and CD40 predispose to chronic hepatitis B.
Genome-wide association analysis on five isolated populations identifies variants of the HLA-DOA gene associated with white wine liking.
A genome-wide association study of early spontaneous preterm delivery.
Genome-wide association study in an admixed case series reveals IL12A as a new candidate in Behçet disease.
Identification and validation of N-acetyltransferase 2 as an insulin sensitivity gene.
Genome-wide association study of behavioural and psychiatric features in human prion disease.
Evidence for several independent genetic variants affecting lipoprotein (a) cholesterol levels.
Common variants in the HLA-DRB1-HLA-DQA1 HLA class II region are associated with susceptibility to visceral leishmaniasis.
A genome wide association study links glutamate receptor pathway to sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease risk.
ITGB5 and AGFG1 variants are associated with severity of airway responsiveness.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of plasma Aβ peptides concentrations in the elderly.
Germline genetic variation in an organic anion transporter polypeptide associated with methotrexate pharmacokinetics and clinical effects.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility gene for serum TSH levels in Chinese populations.
Variation at HLA-DRB1 is associated with resistance to enteric fever.
Genome-wide association study identifies TNFSF13 as a susceptibility gene for IgA in a South Chinese population in smokers.
No evidence of gene-calcium interactions from genome-wide analysis of colorectal cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies confirms a susceptibility locus for knee osteoarthritis on chromosome 7q22.
Genome-wide association of sleep and circadian phenotypes.
Genetic dissection of acute anterior uveitis reveals similarities and differences in associations observed with ankylosing spondylitis.
Meta-analysis followed by replication identifies loci in or near CDKN1B, TET3, CD80, DRAM1, and ARID5B as associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in Asians.
Nonsense mutation in the LGR4 gene is associated with several human diseases and other traits.
A genome-wide association study of chronic otitis media with effusion and recurrent otitis media identifies a novel susceptibility locus on chromosome 2.
Reduced expression of the Kinesin-Associated Protein 3 (KIFAP3) gene increases survival in sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Sequence variants in SLC16A11 are a common risk factor for type 2 diabetes in Mexico.
Common variation at 3q26.2, 6p21.33, 17p11.2 and 22q13.1 influences multiple myeloma risk.
The principal genetic determinants for nasopharyngeal carcinoma in China involve the HLA class I antigen recognition groove.
Polygenic dissection of diagnosis and clinical dimensions of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
Genetic influences on political ideologies: twin analyses of 19 measures of political ideologies from five democracies and genome-wide findings from three populations.
A germline variant in the TP53 polyadenylation signal confers cancer susceptibility.
A genome-wide association study for diabetic retinopathy in a Japanese population: potential association with a long intergenic non-coding RNA.
Common variants at the MHC locus and at chromosome 16q24.1 predispose to Barrett's esophagus.
Common variation at 6q16 within HACE1 and LIN28B influences susceptibility to neuroblastoma.
Genome-wide association and population genetic analysis of C-reactive protein in African American and Hispanic American women.
Genome-wide association study identifies a region on chromosome 11q14.3 associated with late rectal bleeding following radiation therapy for prostate cancer.
Genome-wide association study of maternal and inherited loci for conotruncal heart defects.
Genome-wide association study of patient-rated and clinician-rated global impression of severity during antipsychotic treatment.
Novel genetic variants modify the effect of smoking on carotid plaque burden in Hispanics.
BAIAP2 is related to emotional modulation of human memory strength.
Genome wide analysis of narcolepsy in China implicates novel immune loci and reveals changes in association prior to versus after the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic.
Genomewide association study of an AIDS-nonprogression cohort emphasizes the role played by HLA genes (ANRS Genomewide Association Study 02).
Pharmacogenetic meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of LDL cholesterol response to statins.
Variants near TERT and TERC influencing telomere length are associated with high-grade glioma risk.
Identification of susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer in a genome-wide meta-analysis.
Genome-wide analysis of multi-ancestry cohorts identifies new loci influencing intraocular pressure and susceptibility to glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study of ancestry-specific TB risk in the South African Coloured population.
Evidence of gene-environment interaction for two genes on chromosome 4 and environmental tobacco smoke in controlling the risk of nonsyndromic cleft palate.
Genetic association study of QT interval highlights role for calcium signaling pathways in myocardial repolarization.
Genome-wide association and linkage study in the Amish detects a novel candidate late-onset Alzheimer disease gene.
Genetic variants associated with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis susceptibility and mortality: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association scan identifies a colorectal cancer susceptibility locus on chromosome 8q24.
Dissecting the genetics of chronic mucus hypersecretion in smokers with and without COPD.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for pancreatic cancer.
Trans-ethnic genome-wide association study of colorectal cancer identifies a new susceptibility locus in VTI1A.
Second-generation Irish genome-wide association study for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Heritability and molecular genetic basis of antisaccade eye tracking error rate: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide interaction study of smoking and bladder cancer risk.
Genetic predictors of risk and resilience in psychiatric disorders: a cross-disorder genome-wide association study of functional impairment in major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals 12q13.3-q14.1 as new risk locus for sarcoidosis.
Variation in the DEPDC5 locus is associated with progression to hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis C virus carriers.
A genome-wide association study identifies GRK5 and RASGRP1 as type 2 diabetes loci in Chinese Hans.
Genome-wide association study on dimethylarginines reveals novel AGXT2 variants associated with heart rate variability but not with overall mortality.
Genetic determinants of P wave duration and PR segment.
A genome wide association study on Newfoundland colorectal cancer patients' survival outcomes.
Genome-wide association study identifies five susceptibility loci for follicular lymphoma outside the HLA region.
New basal cell carcinoma susceptibility loci.
GWAS for executive function and processing speed suggests involvement of the CADM2 gene.
Lupus nephritis susceptibility loci in women with systemic lupus erythematosus.
A genome-wide association study of monozygotic twin-pairs suggests a locus related to variability of serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol.
Genome-wide association study on serum alkaline phosphatase levels in a Chinese population.
Common variants in the CRP promoter are associated with a high C-reactive protein level in Kawasaki disease.
A multi-stage genome-wide association study of bladder cancer identifies multiple susceptibility loci.
Genetic susceptibility to accelerated cognitive decline in the US Health and Retirement Study.
Genetic variation in prostate-specific antigen-detected prostate cancer and the effect of control selection on genetic association studies.
THOC5: a novel gene involved in HDL-cholesterol metabolism.
Association between liver-specific gene polymorphisms and their expression levels with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease.
Genome-wide association study of survival in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma.
Genome-wide association study of personality traits in bipolar patients.
Large-scale meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies six new risk loci for Parkinson's disease.
Influence of common genetic variation on lung cancer risk: meta-analysis of 14 900 cases and 29 485 controls.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for ossification of the posterior longitudinal ligament of the spine.
Genome-wide association study of PR interval.
Genome-wide association study identifies two novel genomic regions in irritable bowel syndrome.
Variant of TREM2 associated with the risk of Alzheimer's disease.
A genome-wide association study (GWAS) for bronchopulmonary dysplasia.
Genome-wide association study of electrocardiographic parameters identifies a new association for PR interval and confirms previously reported associations.
Novel associations of CPS1, MUT, NOX4, and DPEP1 with plasma homocysteine in a healthy population: a genome-wide evaluation of 13 974 participants in the Women's Genome Health Study.
Fine-scale recombination rate differences between sexes, populations and individuals.
Cross-disorder genome-wide analyses suggest a complex genetic relationship between Tourette's syndrome and OCD.
Identification of risk loci for Crohn's disease phenotypes using a genome-wide association study.
The landscape of recombination in African Americans.
Genetic variations associated with postoperative recurrence in stage I non-small cell lung cancer.
HLA-DQ strikes again: genome-wide association study further confirms HLA-DQ in the diagnosis of asthma among adults.
A study based on whole-genome sequencing yields a rare variant at 8q24 associated with prostate cancer.
Genome-wide association study of height-adjusted BMI in childhood identifies functional variant in ADCY3.
Genome-wide association study for refractive astigmatism reveals genetic co-determination with spherical equivalent refractive error: the CREAM consortium.
Genome-wide association study of hepatitis C virus- and cryoglobulin-related vasculitis.
A genome-wide association study of total serum and mite-specific IgEs in asthma patients.
TMPRSS9 and GRIN2B are associated with neuroticism: a genome-wide association study in a European sample.
Seven prostate cancer susceptibility loci identified by a multi-stage genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple loci associated with both mammographic density and breast cancer risk.
A genome-wide association study of sleep habits and insomnia.
Genome-wide association study of autistic-like traits in a general population study of young adults.
Genome-wide association study of virologic response with efavirenz-containing or abacavir-containing regimens in AIDS clinical trials group protocols.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for epithelial ovarian cancer in Han Chinese women.
Genome-wide association study reveals novel genetic determinants of DNA repair capacity in lung cancer.
Germline sequence variants in TGM3 and RGS22 confer risk of basal cell carcinoma.
A genome-wide association study in Koreans identifies susceptibility loci for allergic nickel dermatitis.
Genome-wide association study of circulating vitamin D-binding protein.
Polymorphism in the CETP gene region, HDL cholesterol, and risk of future myocardial infarction: Genomewide analysis among 18 245 initially healthy women from the Women's Genome Health Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies two susceptibility loci for exudative age-related macular degeneration in the Japanese population.
The contribution of common genetic variation to nicotine and cotinine glucuronidation in multiple ethnic/racial populations.
A genetic locus in 7p12.2 associated with treatment resistant schizophrenia.
Genetic variants at 6p21.1 and 7p15.3 are associated with risk of multiple cancers in Han Chinese.
Epilepsy, hippocampal sclerosis and febrile seizures linked by common genetic variation around SCN1A.
A genome-wide association study of circulating galectin-3.
A genome-wide association study for corneal curvature identifies the platelet-derived growth factor receptor α gene as a quantitative trait locus for eye size in white Europeans.
A genome-wide association study suggests contrasting associations in ACPA-positive versus ACPA-negative rheumatoid arthritis.
Meta-analysis of 65,734 individuals identifies TSPAN15 and SLC44A2 as two susceptibility loci for venous thromboembolism.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new susceptibility locus for cleft lip with or without a cleft palate.
Common variants in ZNF365 are associated with both mammographic density and breast cancer risk.
Evaluating genetic risk for prostate cancer among Japanese and Latinos.
Genome-wide association scan for variants associated with early-onset prostate cancer.
A common variant in RAB27A gene is associated with fractional exhaled nitric oxide levels in adults.
Thyroid cancer GWAS identifies 10q26.12 and 6q14.1 as novel susceptibility loci and reveals genetic heterogeneity among populations.
A genome-wide association study reveals 2 new susceptibility loci for atopic dermatitis.
Novel genetic locus implicated for HIV-1 acquisition with putative regulatory links to HIV replication and infectivity: a genome-wide association study.
Genetic variants associated with vein graft stenosis after coronary artery bypass grafting.
Genome-wide association study of recurrent early-onset major depressive disorder.
Genome-wide association study of clinical dimensions of schizophrenia: polygenic effect on disorganized symptoms.
Genome-wide association study of HPV-associated cervical cancer in Japanese women.
A common variant in the FTO gene is associated with body mass index and predisposes to childhood and adult obesity.
Large-scale genetic study in East Asians identifies six new loci associated with colorectal cancer risk.
A genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of myopia and hyperopia provides evidence for replication of 11 loci.
Is the gene-environment interaction paradigm relevant to genome-wide studies? The case of education and body mass index.
Discovery of genetic biomarkers contributing to variation in drug response of cytidine analogues using human lymphoblastoid cell lines.
No evidence for genome-wide interactions on plasma fibrinogen by smoking, alcohol consumption and body mass index: results from meta-analyses of 80,607 subjects.
Identification of low-frequency variants associated with gout and serum uric acid levels.
Mutations in BRIP1 confer high risk of ovarian cancer.
A genome-wide association study provides evidence for association of chromosome 8p23 (MYP10) and 10q21.1 (MYP15) with high myopia in the French Population.
Common genetic variation near the connexin-43 gene is associated with resting heart rate in African Americans: a genome-wide association study of 13,372 participants.
CMPK1 and RBP3 are associated with corneal curvature in Asian populations.
Novel locus including FGF21 is associated with dietary macronutrient intake.
T2DM GWAS in the Lebanese population confirms the role of TCF7L2 and CDKAL1 in disease susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study of atypical psychosis.
A genome-wide association study identifies PLCL2 and AP3D1-DOT1L-SF3A2 as new susceptibility loci for myocardial infarction in Japanese.
Genome-wide mapping of IBD segments in an Ashkenazi PD cohort identifies associated haplotypes.
Genome-wide association study of prognosis in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving platinum-based chemotherapy.
A genome-wide association study identifies two new cervical cancer susceptibility loci at 4q12 and 17q12.
Overrepresentation of glutamate signaling in Alzheimer's disease: network-based pathway enrichment using meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new locus JMJD1C at 10q21 that may influence serum androgen levels in men.
Genome-wide trans-ancestry meta-analysis provides insight into the genetic architecture of type 2 diabetes susceptibility.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of asthma in ethnically diverse North American populations.
Sequence variants at 22q13 are associated with prostate cancer risk.
A novel sarcoidosis risk locus for Europeans on chromosome 11q13.1.
First genome-wide association study in an Australian aboriginal population provides insights into genetic risk factors for body mass index and type 2 diabetes.
Bipolar disorder with comorbid binge eating history: a genome-wide association study implicates APOB.
Genetics of aging, health, and survival: dynamic regulation of human longevity related traits.
Identification of novel genetic markers of breast cancer survival.
Genetic variants in the ADAMTS13 and SUPT3H genes are associated with ADAMTS13 activity.
Genetic variants at 1q32.1, 10q11.2 and 19q13.41 are associated with prostate-specific antigen for prostate cancer screening in two Korean population-based cohort studies.
A common variant of ubiquinol-cytochrome c reductase complex is associated with DDH.
Two susceptibility loci identified for prostate cancer aggressiveness.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in multiethnic Asians identifies two loci for age-related nuclear cataract.
Effect of genetic variations on ticagrelor plasma levels and clinical outcomes.
Family-based association analyses of imputed genotypes reveal genome-wide significant association of Alzheimer's disease with OSBPL6, PTPRG, and PDCL3.
Association of chromosome 5q21.3 polymorphisms with the exploratory eye movement dysfunction in schizophrenia.
Variations in the FRA10AC1 Fragile Site and 15q21 Are Associated with Cerebrospinal Fluid Aβ1-42 Level.
Heritability and molecular genetic basis of acoustic startle eye blink and affectively modulated startle response: a genome-wide association study.
The impact of low-frequency and rare variants on lipid levels.
Genetic Associations with Obstructive Sleep Apnea Traits in Hispanic/Latino Americans.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis identify ISL1 as genome-wide significant susceptibility gene for bladder exstrophy.
Genome Wide Association Study for Predictors of Progression Free Survival in Patients on Capecitabine, Oxaliplatin, Bevacizumab and Cetuximab in First-Line Therapy of Metastatic Colorectal Cancer.
Variants in ELL2 influencing immunoglobulin levels associate with multiple myeloma.
Mercapturic Acids Derived from the Toxicants Acrolein and Crotonaldehyde in the Urine of Cigarette Smokers from Five Ethnic Groups with Differing Risks for Lung Cancer.
Genetics of skin color variation in Europeans: genome-wide association studies with functional follow-up.
A polymorphism in CCR1/CCR3 is associated with narcolepsy.
Genetic studies of body mass index yield new insights for obesity biology.
Genome-wide association study of serum lipids confirms previously reported associations as well as new associations of common SNPs within PCSK7 gene with triglyceride.
GWAS identifies two susceptibility loci for lamotrigine-induced skin rash in patients with epilepsy.
Genome-wide association studies in East Asians identify new loci for waist-hip ratio and waist circumference.
Genetic loci for serum magnesium among African-Americans and gene-environment interaction at MUC1 and TRPM6 in European-Americans: the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies TXNRD2, ATXN2 and FOXC1 as susceptibility loci for primary open-angle glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study of perioperative myocardial infarction after coronary artery bypass surgery.
PARK10 is a major locus for sporadic neuropathologically confirmed Parkinson disease.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of HIV-1 Host Control in Ethnically Diverse Chinese Populations.
Meta-analysis of Genome-wide Association Studies for Neuroticism, and the Polygenic Association With Major Depressive Disorder.
Common and rare variants associated with kidney stones and biochemical traits.
A genome-wide association study identifies four novel susceptibility loci underlying inguinal hernia.
A genome-wide association study for myopia and refractive error identifies a susceptibility locus at 15q25.
Identification of new susceptibility loci for IgA nephropathy in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies novel loci for chronotype in 100,420 individuals from the UK Biobank.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis of Young-Onset Stroke Identifies a Locus on Chromosome 10q25 Near HABP2.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies three new risk loci for gout arthritis in Han Chinese.
Pharmacoethnicity in Paclitaxel-Induced Sensory Peripheral Neuropathy.
A genome-wide association study identifies variants in KCNIP4 associated with ACE inhibitor-induced cough.
Genetic and clinical factors associated with obesity among adult survivors of childhood cancer: A report from the St. Jude Lifetime Cohort.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis of white blood cell phenotypes.
Genetic risk factors for decreased bone mineral accretion in children with asthma receiving multiple oral corticosteroid bursts.
Genome-wide association study with 1000 genomes imputation identifies signals for nine sex hormone-related phenotypes.
Investigation of susceptibility genes triggering lachrymal/salivary gland lesion complications in Japanese patients with type 1 autoimmune pancreatitis.
Association of common variants in the calcium-sensing receptor gene with serum calcium levels in East Asians.
CDH13 and HCRTR2 May Be Associated with Hypersomnia Symptom of Bipolar Depression: A Genome-Wide Functional Enrichment Pathway Analysis.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of neuropathologic features of Alzheimer's disease and related dementias.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at 16p13 associated with survival in multiple myeloma patients.
Common variants at 10p12.31, 10q21.1 and 13q12.13 are associated with sporadic pituitary adenoma.
Meta-analysis of shared genetic architecture across ten pediatric autoimmune diseases.
Genome-wide association study of schizophrenia in Ashkenazi Jews.
New suggestive genetic loci and biological pathways for attention function in adult attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Genome-wide association analyses based on whole-genome sequencing in Sardinia provide insights into regulation of hemoglobin levels.
Bivariate Genome-Wide Association Study Implicates ATP6V1G1 as a Novel Pleiotropic Locus Underlying Osteoporosis and Age at Menarche.
Genome-wide association study of warfarin maintenance dose in a Brazilian sample.
Genome-Wide Association Study with Targeted and Non-targeted NMR Metabolomics Identifies 15 Novel Loci of Urinary Human Metabolic Individuality.
Genome-wide association study on progression of carotid artery intima media thickness over 10 years in a Chinese cohort.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Serum Creatinine Levels during Vancomycin Therapy.
Genome-wide association study for rotator cuff tears identifies two significant single-nucleotide polymorphisms.
Genome-wide Association Study of Postburn Scarring Identifies a Novel Protective Variant.
A Pooling Genome-Wide Association Study Combining a Pathway Analysis for Typical Sporadic Parkinson's Disease in the Han Population of Chinese Mainland.
The genetics of alcohol dependence: Twin and SNP-based heritability, and genome-wide association study based on AUDIT scores.
Plasma Levels of Soluble Interleukin-2 Receptor α: Associations With Clinical Cardiovascular Events and Genome-Wide Association Scan.
Genome-wide Association Study of Autism Spectrum Disorder in the East Asian Populations.
A Functional SNP in BNC2 Is Associated with Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis.
Genetics of glucocorticoid-associated osteonecrosis in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genome- and exome-wide association study of serum lipoprotein (a) in the Jackson Heart Study.
Genome-wide association studies in the Japanese population identify seven novel loci for type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide Association Studies Identify Genetic Loci Associated With Albuminuria in Diabetes.
Genome-wide analysis links NFATC2 with asparaginase hypersensitivity.
Implication of a Chromosome 15q15.2 Locus in Regulating UBR1 and Predisposing Smokers to MGMT Methylation in Lung.
Trans-ancestry genome-wide association study identifies 12 genetic loci influencing blood pressure and implicates a role for DNA methylation.
White Matter Lesion Progression: Genome-Wide Search for Genetic Influences.
Large-scale association analysis in Asians identifies new susceptibility loci for prostate cancer.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analysis of Longitudinal Alcohol Consumption Across Youth and Early Adulthood.
Candidate Loci are Revealed by an Initial Genome-wide Association Study of Juvenile Osteochondritis Dissecans.
A novel locus of resistance to severe malaria in a region of ancient balancing selection.
Genome-wide association study with the risk of schizophrenia in a Korean population.
Genome-wide association study identifies candidate loci associated with postoperative fentanyl requirements after laparoscopic-assisted colectomy.
A genome-wide association study of suicidal behavior.
Genetic Interactions Explain Variance in Cingulate Amyloid Burden: An AV-45 PET Genome-Wide Association and Interaction Study in the ADNI Cohort.
GCKR and PPP1R3B identified as genome-wide significant loci for plasma lactate: the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Genetic variants in PLCB4/PLCB1 as susceptibility loci for coronary artery aneurysm formation in Kawasaki disease in Han Chinese in Taiwan.
Genome-wide association study on antipsychotic-induced weight gain in the CATIE sample.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies five modifier loci of lung disease severity in cystic fibrosis.
A Genome-Wide Scan Identifies Variants in NFIB Associated with Metastasis in Patients with Osteosarcoma.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Pharmacogenomic Loci For Therapeutic Response to Montelukast in Asthma.
Genome-wide meta-analysis reveals common splice site acceptor variant in CHRNA4 associated with nicotine dependence.
Polymorphisms in HLA Class II Genes Are Associated With Susceptibility to Staphylococcus aureus Infection in a White Population.
F-box/LRR-repeat protein 7 is genetically associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic Factors for the Severity of ACPA-negative Rheumatoid Arthritis in 2 Cohorts of Early Disease: A Genome-wide Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies HLA 8.1 ancestral haplotype alleles as major genetic risk factors for myositis phenotypes.
Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies Identifies Genetic Risk Factors for Stroke in African Americans.
Loss-of-function variants in ATM confer risk of gastric cancer.
Genome-wide association study of prostate cancer-specific survival.
Heritability and Genome-Wide Association Analyses of Human Gait Suggest Contribution of Common Variants.
Genome-Wide Association and Trans-ethnic Meta-Analysis for Advanced Diabetic Kidney Disease: Family Investigation of Nephropathy and Diabetes (FIND).
Drug-Gene Interactions of Antihypertensive Medications and Risk of Incident Cardiovascular Disease: A Pharmacogenomics Study from the CHARGE Consortium.
Polymorphisms of large effect explain the majority of the host genetic contribution to variation of HIV-1 virus load.
International genome-wide meta-analysis identifies new primary biliary cirrhosis risk loci and targetable pathogenic pathways.
Common variation at 2p13.3, 3q29, 7p13 and 17q25.1 associated with susceptibility to pancreatic cancer.
Genetics of Plasma Soluble Receptor for Advanced Glycation End-Products and Cardiovascular Outcomes in a Community-based Population: Results from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
A genome-wide association study of antidepressant response in Koreans.
A meta-analysis of 120 246 individuals identifies 18 new loci for fibrinogen concentration.
Genetic Determinants of Pelvic Organ Prolapse among African American and Hispanic Women in the Women's Health Initiative.
A genome-wide screening and SNPs-to-genes approach to identify novel genetic risk factors associated with frontotemporal dementia.
A genome-wide association study identifies multiple loci for variation in human ear morphology.
Common genetic variation and survival after colorectal cancer diagnosis: a genome-wide analysis.
Polymorphism at 19q13.41 Predicts Breast Cancer Survival Specifically after Endocrine Therapy.
Meta-analysis identifies seven susceptibility loci involved in the atopic march.
Genetic association analyses highlight biological pathways underlying mitral valve prolapse.
Genetic Polymorphisms Associated with Hearing Threshold Shift in Subjects during First Encounter with Occupational Impulse Noise.
Genome-wide association study of posttraumatic stress disorder in a cohort of Iraq-Afghanistan era veterans.
Genome-wide association study of gastric adenocarcinoma in Asia: a comparison of associations between cardia and non-cardia tumours.
Genome-wide association study of myelosuppression in non-small-cell lung cancer patients with platinum-based chemotherapy.
A novel interaction between the FLJ33534 locus and smoking in obesity: a genome-wide study of 14 131 Pakistani adults.
Genetic determinants of antithyroid drug-induced agranulocytosis by human leukocyte antigen genotyping and genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association analysis identified splicing single nucleotide polymorphism in CFLAR predictive of triptolide chemo-sensitivity.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Down Syndrome-Associated Atrioventricular Septal Defects.
Genome-wide Association Study of Platelet Count Identifies Ancestry-Specific Loci in Hispanic/Latino Americans.
Genetic determinants of swallowing impairments among community dwelling older population.
Pathway-Based Genome-wide Association Studies Reveal That the Rac1 Pathway Is Associated with Plasma Adiponectin Levels.
Pharmacogenetic study of long-term response to interferon-β treatment in multiple sclerosis.
A comprehensive 1,000 Genomes-based genome-wide association meta-analysis of coronary artery disease.
Identification of a New Susceptibility Locus for Systemic Lupus Erythematosus on Chromosome 12 in Individuals of European Ancestry.
Genetic Influences on Plasma Homocysteine Levels in African Americans and Yoruba Nigerians.
Meta-analysis of gene-environment-wide association scans accounting for education level identifies additional loci for refractive error.
Genome-wide Association Study of Late-Onset Myasthenia Gravis: Confirmation of TNFRSF11A, and Identification of ZBTB10 and Three Distinct HLA Associations.
Genome-Wide Association Study in an Amerindian Ancestry Population Reveals Novel Systemic Lupus Erythematosus Risk Loci and the Role of European Admixture.
Genome-wide association study in Spanish identifies ADAM metallopeptidase with thrombospondin type 1 motif, 9 (ADAMTS9), as a novel asthma susceptibility gene.
Genetic variants associated with response to lithium treatment in bipolar disorder: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide Meta-analysis on the Sense of Smell Among US Older Adults.
Genome-wide association study of lifetime cannabis use based on a large meta-analytic sample of 32 330 subjects from the International Cannabis Consortium.
Comprehensive genome-wide evaluation of lapatinib-induced liver injury yields a single genetic signal centered on known risk allele HLA-DRB1*07:01.
Causal mechanisms and balancing selection inferred from genetic associations with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for adolescent idiopathic scoliosis in Chinese girls.
Identification of IRX1 as a Risk Locus for Rheumatoid Factor Positivity in Rheumatoid Arthritis in a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide analyses of aggressiveness in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Human longevity is influenced by many genetic variants: evidence from 75,000 UK Biobank participants.
Dense genotyping of immune-related loci identifies HLA variants associated with increased risk of collagenous colitis.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies three new susceptibility loci for childhood body mass index.
A genome-wide study of lipid response to fenofibrate in Caucasians: a combined analysis of the GOLDN and ACCORD studies.
Benzene Uptake and Glutathione S-transferase T1 Status as Determinants of S-Phenylmercapturic Acid in Cigarette Smokers in the Multiethnic Cohort.
Meta-analysis of 49 549 individuals imputed with the 1000 Genomes Project reveals an exonic damaging variant in ANGPTL4 determining fasting TG levels.
Association of Polymorphisms in MACRO Domain Containing 2 With Thyroid-Associated Orbitopathy.
New loci for body fat percentage reveal link between adiposity and cardiometabolic disease risk.
Association analyses identify 38 susceptibility loci for inflammatory bowel disease and highlight shared genetic risk across populations.
ABCC5, a gene that influences the anterior chamber depth, is associated with primary angle closure glaucoma.
Genetic loci for Epstein-Barr virus nuclear antigen-1 are associated with risk of multiple sclerosis.
High density GWAS for LDL cholesterol in African Americans using electronic medical records reveals a strong protective variant in APOE.
Genetic associations at 53 loci highlight cell types and biological pathways relevant for kidney function.
Meta analysis identifies a novel susceptibility locus associated with heel bone strength in the Korean population.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies common susceptibility polymorphisms for colorectal and endometrial cancer near SH2B3 and TSHZ1.
Meta-analysis of lipid-traits in Hispanics identifies novel loci, population-specific effects, and tissue-specific enrichment of eQTLs.
A Common Variant in the SETD7 Gene Predicts Serum Lycopene Concentrations.
Discovery of six new susceptibility loci and analysis of pleiotropic effects in leprosy.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of the Human Gut Microbiota.
Sequence variants in the PTCH1 gene associate with spine bone mineral density and osteoporotic fractures.
A rapid functional decline type of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is linked to low expression of TTN.
Loci associated with ischaemic stroke and its subtypes (SiGN): a genome-wide association study.
Characteristics of Bipolar I patients grouped by externalizing disorders.
Common quantitative trait locus downstream of RETN gene identified by genome-wide association study is associated with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Han Chinese: a Mendelian randomization effect.
Genome-wide association study reveals two loci for serum magnesium concentrations in European-American children.
Genetic susceptibility for chronic bronchitis in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide Association Analysis of Psoriatic Arthritis and Cutaneous Psoriasis Reveals Differences in Their Genetic Architecture.
A Genome-Wide Screen for Large-Effect Alloimmunization Susceptibility Loci among Red Blood Cell Transfusion Recipients with Sickle Cell Disease.
Genome-wide association analysis to predict optimal antipsychotic dosage in schizophrenia: a pilot study.
CYP24A1 variant modifies the association between use of oestrogen plus progestogen therapy and colorectal cancer risk.
A longitudinal genome-wide association study of anti-tumor necrosis factor response among Japanese patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
International Genome-Wide Association Study Consortium Identifies Novel Loci Associated With Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents.
Genome-wide association study of blood lead shows multiple associations near ALAD.
Genome-wide association study and targeted metabolomics identifies sex-specific association of CPS1 with coronary artery disease.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Uncovers a Genetic Locus Associated with Thoracic-to-Hip Ratio in Koreans.
A large genome-wide association study of age-related macular degeneration highlights contributions of rare and common variants.
Response to Intravenous Cyclophosphamide Treatment for Lupus Nephritis Associated with Polymorphisms in the FCGR2B-FCRLA Locus.
A genome-wide association study of congenital cardiovascular left-sided lesions shows association with a locus on chromosome 20.
HLA-DRB1*16: 01-DQB1*05: 02 is a novel genetic risk factor for flupirtine-induced liver injury.
Multiethnic genome-wide association study of cerebral white matter hyperintensities on MRI.
Identification of Susceptibility Loci for Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma.
GWAS of 89,283 individuals identifies genetic variants associated with self-reporting of being a morning person.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies discovers multiple loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A new GWAS and meta-analysis with 1000Genomes imputation identifies novel risk variants for colorectal cancer.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma among European Descendants.
Obsessive-compulsive symptoms in a large population-based twin-family sample are predicted by clinically based polygenic scores and by genome-wide SNPs.
Genetic variants are major determinants of CSF antibody levels in multiple sclerosis.
Association of aspirin and NSAID use with risk of colorectal cancer according to genetic variants.
Novel loci and pathways significantly associated with longevity.
A genome-wide association study of myasthenia gravis.
Novel genetic predictors of venous thromboembolism risk in African Americans.
Genome-wide association study of 25(OH) Vitamin D concentrations in Punjabi Sikhs: Results of the Asian Indian diabetic heart study.
Genome-wide meta-analysis uncovers novel loci influencing circulating leptin levels.
A genome-wide association study of body mass index across early life and childhood.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies the Skin Color Genes IRF4, MC1R, ASIP, and BNC2 Influencing Facial Pigmented Spots.
Genetic evidence that lower circulating FSH levels lengthen menstrual cycle, increase age at menopause and impact female reproductive health.
Genome-wide association study for circulating tissue plasminogen activator levels and functional follow-up implicates endothelial STXBP5 and STX2.
A common variant association study reveals novel susceptibility loci for low HDL-cholesterol levels in ethnic Arabs.
A Genome-wide study of blood pressure in African Americans accounting for gene-smoking interaction.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of anxiety disorders.
Common genetic variants influence human subcortical brain structures.
A genome-wide association scan in admixed Latin Americans identifies loci influencing facial and scalp hair features.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of cerebral white matter hyperintensities in patients with stroke.
Genome-wide association analysis of self-reported events in 6135 individuals and 252 827 controls identifies 8 loci associated with thrombosis.
Six Novel Loci Associated with Circulating VEGF Levels Identified by a Meta-analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Common variation at 1q24.1 (ALDH9A1) is a potential risk factor for renal cancer.
Genomics and metabolomics of muscular mass in a community-based sample of UK females.
Genome-wide association with MRI atrophy measures as a quantitative trait locus for Alzheimer's disease.
Identification of new susceptibility loci for gastric non-cardia adenocarcinoma: pooled results from two Chinese genome-wide association studies.
Pharmacogenomic Study of Clozapine-Induced Agranulocytosis/Granulocytopenia in a Japanese Population.
Identification of myopia-associated WNT7B polymorphisms provides insights into the mechanism underlying the development of myopia.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomization study of NT-proBNP in patients with acute coronary syndrome.
A genome-wide association study of pulmonary tuberculosis in Morocco.
Genome-wide association study reveals sex-specific selection signals against autosomal nucleotide variants.
No Evidence of a Common DNA Variant Profile Specific to World Class Endurance Athletes.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Incident Myocardial Infarction and Coronary Heart Disease in Prospective Cohort Studies: The CHARGE Consortium.
Genome-wide association study using family-based cohorts identifies the WLS and CCDC170/ESR1 loci as associated with bone mineral density.
Genetics of long-term treatment outcome in bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association study of biologically informed periodontal complex traits offers novel insights into the genetic basis of periodontal disease.
A genome-wide gene-gene interaction analysis identifies an epistatic gene pair for lung cancer susceptibility in Han Chinese.
How genome-wide SNP-SNP interactions relate to nasopharyngeal carcinoma susceptibility.
Two Rare Mutations in the COL1A2 Gene Associate With Low Bone Mineral Density and Fractures in Iceland.
The GRM7 gene, early response to risperidone, and schizophrenia: a genome-wide association study and a confirmatory pharmacogenetic analysis.
A trans-ethnic genome-wide association study identifies gender-specific loci influencing pediatric aBMD and BMC at the distal radius.
Genome-wide association study of susceptibility loci for breast cancer in Sardinian population.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Emphysema and Airway Quantitative Imaging Phenotypes.
Nine susceptibility loci for hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma identified by a pilot two-stage genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of suicide severity scores in bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide significant association signals in IPO11-HTR1A region specific for alcohol and nicotine codependence.
Genetics of hand grip strength in mid to late life.
Genome-wide association study on susceptibility genes associated with yang-deficiency constitution: A small sample case-control study.
Impact of ancestry and common genetic variants on QT interval in African Americans.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for nonsyndromic sagittal craniosynostosis near BMP2 and within BBS9.
Novel susceptibility genes associated with diabetic cataract in a Taiwanese population.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in PMS1 associated with serum ferritin in a Chinese population.
Genome-wide association analysis of blood-pressure traits in African-ancestry individuals reveals common associated genes in African and non-African populations.
Genome-wide genetic and transcriptomic investigation of variation in antibody response to dietary antigens.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for diffuse large B cell lymphoma.
The International SSRI Pharmacogenomics Consortium (ISPC): a genome-wide association study of antidepressant treatment response.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants associated with pharmacokinetics of psychotropic drugs.
15q12 variants, sputum gene promoter hypermethylation, and lung cancer risk: a GWAS in smokers.
A genome-wide association study suggests an association of Chr8p21.3 (GFRA2) with diabetic neuropathic pain.
Genome-wide association study identifies peanut allergy-specific loci and evidence of epigenetic mediation in US children.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for circulating phylloquinone concentrations.
A genome-wide association study identifies a functional ERAP2 haplotype associated with birdshot chorioretinopathy.
Confirmation of prior evidence of genetic susceptibility to alcoholism in a genome-wide association study of comorbid alcoholism and bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association analysis of Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome identifies two new susceptibility loci at 1p31.2 and 10q21.3.
Genome-wide exploration identifies sex-specific genetic effects of alleles upstream NPY to increase the risk of severe periodontitis in men.
Genome-wide association study of hepatitis in korean populations.
Genome-wide association study identifies 3 genomic loci significantly associated with serum levels of homoarginine: the AtheroRemo Consortium.
A genome-wide association study in europeans and South asians identifies 5 new Loci for coronary artery disease.
Genome-wide association and meta-analysis in populations from Starr County, Texas, and Mexico City identify type 2 diabetes susceptibility loci and enrichment for expression quantitative trait loci in top signals.
Genetic determinants of haemolysis in sickle cell anaemia.
Genome-wide association study identifies candidate Loci associated with platelet count in koreans.
Genome-wide studies of verbal declarative memory in nondemented older people: the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology consortium.
Novel loci affecting iron homeostasis and their effects in individuals at risk for hemochromatosis.
Genome-wide association study of lymphoblast cell viability after clozapine exposure.
Insight into genetic determinants of resting heart rate.
Genetic Determinants of Survival in Patientswith Alzheimer’s Disease.
Genome-wide association scan in north Indians reveals three novel HLA-independent risk loci for ulcerative colitis.
Enhanced meta-analysis and replication studies identify five new psoriasis susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study of recalcitrant atopic dermatitis in Korean children.
A genome-wide association study reveals a quantitative trait locus of adiponectin on CDH13 that predicts cardiometabolic outcomes.
Suggestion of GLYAT gene underlying variation of bone size and body lean mass as revealed by a bivariate genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of seasonal pattern mania identifies NF1A as a possible susceptibility gene for bipolar disorder.
GWAS of dental caries patterns in the permanent dentition.
Two new Loci for body-weight regulation identified in a joint analysis of genome-wide association studies for early-onset extreme obesity in French and german study groups.
A pilot genome-wide association study of breast cancer susceptibility loci in Indonesia.
Two new loci and gene sets related to sex determination and cancer progression are associated with susceptibility to testicular germ cell tumor.
Common variants at SCN5A-SCN10A and HEY2 are associated with Brugada syndrome, a rare disease with high risk of sudden cardiac death.
Genetic variation at MECOM, TERT, JAK2 and HBS1L-MYB predisposes to myeloproliferative neoplasms.
Genome-wide interrogation of longitudinal FEV1 in children with asthma.
Genome-wide association analysis in East Asians identifies breast cancer susceptibility loci at 1q32.1, 5q14.3 and 15q26.1.
Common variants on Xq28 conferring risk of schizophrenia in Han Chinese.
A meta-analysis of Hodgkin lymphoma reveals 19p13.3 TCF3 as a novel susceptibility locus.
Genetic variant predicts bevacizumab-induced hypertension in ECOG-5103 and ECOG-2100.
A genome-wide association study in the Japanese population identifies susceptibility loci for type 2 diabetes at UBE2E2 and C2CD4A-C2CD4B.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies six novel loci associated with habitual coffee consumption.
Genome-wide association analyses suggest NELL1 influences adverse metabolic response to HCTZ in African Americans.
Association of an inherited genetic variant with vincristine-related peripheral neuropathy in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genome-wide association study in musician's dystonia: a risk variant at the arylsulfatase G locus?
Genome-wide association identifies nine common variants associated with fasting proinsulin levels and provides new insights into the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes.
Investigating the genetics of hippocampal volume in older adults without dementia.
IKZF1, a new susceptibility gene for cold medicine-related Stevens-Johnson syndrome/toxic epidermal necrolysis with severe mucosal involvement.
Epidemiological and genome-wide association study of gastritis or gastric ulcer in korean populations.
Genome-wide association analysis confirms and extends the association of SLC2A9 with serum uric acid levels to Mexican Americans.
Genome-wide association study of clinically defined gout identifies multiple risk loci and its association with clinical subtypes.
Gene-set and multivariate genome-wide association analysis of oppositional defiant behavior subtypes in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
A genome-wide association study of late-onset Alzheimer's disease in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study for sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy reveals association with genetic variation near the GRB2 gene.
Genetic loci associated with renal function measures and chronic kidney disease in children: the Pediatric Investigation for Genetic Factors Linked with Renal Progression Consortium.
Genome-wide association study of leukotriene modifier response in asthma.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Staphylococcus aureus Carriage in a Community-Based Sample of Mexican-Americans in Starr County, Texas.
Performance of genetic risk factors in prediction of trichloroethylene induced hypersensitivity syndrome.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies multiple lung cancer susceptibility loci in never-smoking Asian women.
Ancestry and other genetic associations with plasma PCSK9 response to simvastatin.
Genome-wide association study of antibody responses to Plasmodium falciparum candidate vaccine antigens.
A large multiethnic genome-wide association study of prostate cancer identifies novel risk variants and substantial ethnic differences.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies five new susceptibility loci for cutaneous malignant melanoma.
Heritability and Genome-Wide Association Studies for Hair Color in a Dutch Twin Family Based Sample.
Genome-wide association study of triglyceride response to a high-fat meal among participants of the NHLBI Genetics of Lipid Lowering Drugs and Diet Network (GOLDN).
Genome-wide interaction study of gene-by-occupational exposure and effects on FEV1 levels.
Susceptible gene of stasis-stagnation constitution from genome-wide association study related to cardiovascular disturbance and possible regulated traditional Chinese medicine.
Shared genetic susceptibility of vascular-related biomarkers with ischemic and recurrent stroke.
A genome-wide association study on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in the Taiwanese Han population.
A coding variant in RARG confers susceptibility to anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity in childhood cancer.
Genome-Wide Association Study for Autism Spectrum Disorder in Taiwanese Han Population.
Genome-wide association study of new-onset atrial fibrillation after coronary artery bypass grafting surgery.
Human genome-wide association and mouse knockout approaches identify platelet supervillin as an inhibitor of thrombus formation under shear stress.
GWAS of longitudinal amyloid accumulation on 18F-florbetapir PET in Alzheimer's disease implicates microglial activation gene IL1RAP.
Three missense variants of metabolic syndrome-related genes are associated with alpha-1 antitrypsin levels.
Clinical, serologic, and genetic factors associated with pyoderma gangrenosum and erythema nodosum in inflammatory bowel disease patients.
A genome-wide association scan implicates DCHS2, RUNX2, GLI3, PAX1 and EDAR in human facial variation.
Multiethnic genome-wide association study identifies ethnic-specific associations with body mass index in Hispanics and African Americans.
Genome-wide association study of cognitive functions and educational attainment in UK Biobank (N=112 151).
A new 3p25 locus is associated with liver fibrosis progression in human immunodeficiency virus/hepatitis C virus-coinfected patients.
Exome-Wide Association Study Identified New Risk Loci for Hirschsprung's Disease.
A Genome-wide Association Study Provides Evidence of Sex-specific Involvement of Chr1p35.1 (ZSCAN20-TLR12P) and Chr8p23.1 (HMGB1P46) With Diabetic Neuropathic Pain.
Meta-analysis of 375,000 individuals identifies 38 susceptibility loci for migraine.
Genome-wide association study of 40,000 individuals identifies two novel loci associated with bipolar disorder.
Genetic underpinnings of left superior temporal gyrus thickness in patients with schizophrenia.
Genetic risk variants for membranous nephropathy: extension of and association with other chronic kidney disease aetiologies.
Genetic variants associated with antithyroid drug-induced agranulocytosis: a genome-wide association study in a European population.
No Major Host Genetic Risk Factor Contributed to A(H1N1)2009 Influenza Severity.
Genome-wide association study in East Asians identifies two novel breast cancer susceptibility loci.
Genome-Wide and Gene-Based Meta-Analyses Identify Novel Loci Influencing Blood Pressure Response to Hydrochlorothiazide.
Literature-Informed Analysis of a Genome-Wide Association Study of Gestational Age in Norwegian Women and Children Suggests Involvement of Inflammatory Pathways.
GWAS in the SIGNAL/PHARE clinical cohort restricts the association between the FGFR2 locus and estrogen receptor status to HER2-negative breast cancer patients.
A genome-wide association study of bipolar disorder with comorbid eating disorder replicates the SOX2-OT region.
Genome-wide association study of pathological gambling.
Genetic loci associated with ideal cardiovascular health: A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Susceptibility to tuberculosis is associated with variants in the ASAP1 gene encoding a regulator of dendritic cell migration.
Genome-wide analyses for personality traits identify six genomic loci and show correlations with psychiatric disorders.
Genome-wide association study of acute kidney injury after coronary bypass graft surgery identifies susceptibility loci.
Genome Wide Association Study Identifies L3MBTL4 as a Novel Susceptibility Gene for Hypertension.
Novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci implicated in epigenetic regulation.
Interaction between Common Genetic Variants and Total Fat Intake on Low-Density Lipoprotein Peak Particle Diameter: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
Association of variations in HLA class II and other loci with susceptibility to EGFR-mutated lung adenocarcinoma.
Heritability, SNP- and Gene-Based Analyses of Cannabis Use Initiation and Age at Onset.
Identification of susceptibility gene associated with female primary Sjögren's syndrome in Han Chinese by genome-wide association study.
KLB is associated with alcohol drinking, and its gene product β-Klotho is necessary for FGF21 regulation of alcohol preference.
Novel Association of Genetic Markers Affecting CYP2A6 Activity and Lung Cancer Risk.
Genome-wide significant risk associations for mucinous ovarian carcinoma.
Identification of genetic modifiers of age-at-onset for familial Parkinson's disease.
Functional implications of disease-specific variants in loci jointly associated with coeliac disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
A genome-wide association study reveals susceptibility loci for myocardial infarction/coronary artery disease in Saudi Arabs.
Large-scale pharmacogenomic study of sulfonylureas and the QT, JT and QRS intervals: CHARGE Pharmacogenomics Working Group.
Genetic Susceptibility to Lipid Levels and Lipid Change Over Time and Risk of Incident Hyperlipidemia in Chinese Populations.
Common variants on 2p16.1, 6p22.1 and 10q24.32 are associated with schizophrenia in Han Chinese population.
Genetic architecture distinguishes systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis from other forms of juvenile idiopathic arthritis: clinical and therapeutic implications.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis in Chinese and European individuals identifies ten new loci associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome wide association study identifies two loci associated with cadmium in erythrocytes among never-smokers.
IDENTIFYING GENETIC ASSOCIATIONS WITH VARIABILITY IN METABOLIC HEALTH AND BLOOD COUNT LABORATORY VALUES: DIVING INTO THE QUANTITATIVE TRAITS BY LEVERAGING LONGITUDINAL DATA FROM AN EHR.
A genome-wide analysis in cluster headache points to neprilysin and PACAP receptor gene variants.
A potential endophenotype for Alzheimer's disease: cerebrospinal fluid clusterin.
Genome-wide association meta-analyses identified 1q43 and 2q32.2 for hip Ward's triangle areal bone mineral density.
Common variants in CLDN14 are associated with differential excretion of magnesium over calcium in urine.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in HORMAD2 associated with tonsillectomy.
Polymorphism in a lincRNA Associates with a Doubled Risk of Pneumococcal Bacteremia in Kenyan Children.
A Genome-Wide Test of the Differential Susceptibility Hypothesis Reveals a Genetic Predictor of Differential Response to Psychological Treatments for Child Anxiety Disorders.
Common polygenic variation in coeliac disease and confirmation of ZNF335 and NIFA as disease susceptibility loci.
Transferability of type 2 diabetes implicated loci in multi-ethnic cohorts from Southeast Asia.
Genome-wide association study for ulcerative colitis identifies risk loci at 7q22 and 22q13 (IL17REL).
Novel genetic markers of breast cancer survival identified by a genome-wide association study.
A genomewide association study of skin pigmentation in a South Asian population.
C4BPB/C4BPA is a new susceptibility locus for venous thrombosis with unknown protein S-independent mechanism: results from genome-wide association and gene expression analyses followed by case-control studies.
NRXN3 is a novel locus for waist circumference: a genome-wide association study from the CHARGE Consortium.
New loci associated with kidney function and chronic kidney disease.
Robust associations of four new chromosome regions from genome-wide analyses of type 1 diabetes.
A genome-wide association study identifies KIAA0350 as a type 1 diabetes gene.
Genetic variation in IL28B predicts hepatitis C treatment-induced viral clearance.
Variants in KCNQ1 are associated with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Genome-wide association study of serious blistering skin rash caused by drugs.
Genome-wide association scan of tag SNPs identifies a susceptibility locus for lung cancer at 15q25.1.
Replication of 13 obesity loci among Singaporean Chinese, Malay and Asian-Indian populations.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies common variants associated with blood pressure variation in east Asians.
A genome-wide association study in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD): identification of two major susceptibility loci.
Genetic variation in the prostate stem cell antigen gene PSCA confers susceptibility to urinary bladder cancer.
Common susceptibility alleles are unlikely to contribute as strongly as the FV and ABO loci to VTE risk: results from a GWAS approach.
Genomewide association studies of stroke.
Chromosome 9p21 in sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in the UK and seven other countries: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of hoarding traits.
Common variants near ATM are associated with glycemic response to metformin in type 2 diabetes.
Loci influencing lipid levels and coronary heart disease risk in 16 European population cohorts.
Common variants at ten loci influence QT interval duration in the QTGEN Study.
Genome-wide association study of asthma identifies RAD50-IL13 and HLA-DR/DQ regions.
Genome-wide association study of plasma lipoprotein(a) levels identifies multiple genes on chromosome 6q.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in >80 000 subjects identifies multiple loci for C-reactive protein levels.
Identification of loci associated with schizophrenia by genome-wide association and follow-up.
Genome-wide association study of normal tension glaucoma: common variants in SRBD1 and ELOVL5 contribute to disease susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study of determinants of anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody titer in adults with rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide association study identifies eight loci associated with blood pressure.
Genome-wide association study in multiple human prion diseases suggests genetic risk factors additional to PRNP.
Genome-wide association and follow-up replication studies identified ADAMTS18 and TGFBR3 as bone mass candidate genes in different ethnic groups.
Identification of genetic markers associated with high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol by genome-wide screening in a Japanese population: the Suita study.
SNPs in KCNQ1 are associated with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in East Asian and European populations.
Primary biliary cirrhosis associated with HLA, IL12A, and IL12RB2 variants.
Polymorphisms of the HNF1A gene encoding hepatocyte nuclear factor-1 alpha are associated with C-reactive protein.
A genome-wide association scan identifies the hepatic cholesterol transporter ABCG8 as a susceptibility factor for human gallstone disease.
A comprehensive family-based replication study of schizophrenia genes.
Deciphering the impact of common genetic variation on lung cancer risk: a genome-wide association study.
Clear detection of ADIPOQ locus as the major gene for plasma adiponectin: results of genome-wide association analyses including 4659 European individuals.
A genome-wide association study identifies three loci associated with mean platelet volume.
Genome-wide association and meta-analysis of bipolar disorder in individuals of European ancestry.
Genome-wide association study of rheumatoid arthritis in the Spanish population: KLF12 as a risk locus for rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility.
Genetic regulation of serum phytosterol levels and risk of coronary artery disease.
A genome-wide association study confirms VKORC1, CYP2C9, and CYP4F2 as principal genetic determinants of warfarin dose.
A genome-wide association study identifies a locus on chromosome 14q21 as a predictor of leukocyte telomere length and as a marker of susceptibility for bladder cancer.
A genome-wide association study in 19 633 Japanese subjects identified LHX3-QSOX2 and IGF1 as adult height loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies a locus at 7p15.2 associated with endometriosis.
A genome-wide association study identifies an osteoarthritis susceptibility locus on chromosome 7q22.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies two loci influencing age at menarche.
Identification of heart rate-associated loci and their effects on cardiac conduction and rhythm disorders.
A large-scale, consortium-based genomewide association study of asthma.
HLA-B*5701 genotype is a major determinant of drug-induced liver injury due to flucloxacillin.
Variants of DENND1B associated with asthma in children.
Novel loci for major depression identified by genome-wide association study of Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression and meta-analysis of three studies.
Genome-wide association study of prostate cancer identifies a second risk locus at 8q24.
The combination of a genome-wide association study of lymphocyte count and analysis of gene expression data reveals novel asthma candidate genes.
Genome-wide meta-analyses identifies seven loci associated with platelet aggregation in response to agonists.
Identification of PVT1 as a candidate gene for end-stage renal disease in type 2 diabetes using a pooling-based genome-wide single nucleotide polymorphism association study.
Common variants on chromosome 6p22.1 are associated with schizophrenia.
First genome-wide association scan on neurophysiological endophenotypes points to trans-regulation effects on SLC2A3 in dyslexic children.
Meta-analysis identifies 13 new loci associated with waist-hip ratio and reveals sexual dimorphism in the genetic basis of fat distribution.
A genome-wide association study of the metabolic syndrome in Indian Asian men.
The 5p15.33 locus is associated with risk of lung adenocarcinoma in never-smoking females in Asia.
A genome-wide association study reveals susceptibility variants for non-small cell lung cancer in the Korean population.
Genome-wide association study of antipsychotic-induced parkinsonism severity among schizophrenia patients.
Common genetic variation and the control of HIV-1 in humans.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies 20 loci that influence adult height.
The TCF7L2 diabetes risk variant is associated with HbA₁(C) levels: a genome-wide association meta-analysis.
Identification of ADAMTS7 as a novel locus for coronary atherosclerosis and association of ABO with myocardial infarction in the presence of coronary atherosclerosis: two genome-wide association studies.
A genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility locus for renal cell carcinoma on 12p11.23.
Common variation in GPC5 is associated with acquired nephrotic syndrome.
A genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for refractive errors and myopia at 15q14.
Genome-wide linkage and association analyses to identify genes influencing adiponectin levels: the GEMS Study.
Genome-wide interrogation of germline genetic variation associated with treatment response in childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genetic variants that confer resistance to malaria are associated with red blood cell traits in African-Americans: an electronic medical record-based genome-wide association study.
Alpha-T-catenin (CTNNA3) gene was identified as a risk variant for toluene diisocyanate-induced asthma by genome-wide association analysis.
A common genetic variant in the NOS1 regulator NOS1AP modulates cardiac repolarization.
Type 2 diabetes whole-genome association study in four populations: the DiaGen consortium.
Common variants on 9q22.33 and 14q13.3 predispose to thyroid cancer in European populations.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci associated with serum level of vitamin B12 in Chinese men.
Common variation in KITLG and at 5q31.3 predisposes to testicular germ cell cancer.
Risk HLA-DQA1 and PLA(2)R1 alleles in idiopathic membranous nephropathy.
Genetic variations associated with diabetic nephropathy and type II diabetes in a Japanese population.
Variation in TP63 is associated with lung adenocarcinoma susceptibility in Japanese and Korean populations.
Bone mineral density, osteoporosis, and osteoporotic fractures: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for HCV-induced hepatocellular carcinoma.
Two newly identified genetic determinants of pigmentation in Europeans.
A common variant on chromosome 11q13 is associated with atopic dermatitis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of five Asian cohorts identifies PDGFRA as a susceptibility locus for corneal astigmatism.
Genetic variation in LIN28B is associated with the timing of puberty.
New genetic loci implicated in fasting glucose homeostasis and their impact on type 2 diabetes risk.
A genome-wide association study identifies three loci associated with susceptibility to uterine fibroids.
A genome-wide association study of inflammatory biomarker changes in response to fenofibrate treatment in the Genetics of Lipid Lowering Drug and Diet Network.
Serum ferritin levels are associated with a distinct phenotype of chronic hepatitis C poorly responding to pegylated interferon-alpha and ribavirin therapy.
A genome-wide association study identifies an association of a common variant in TERT with susceptibility to idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Genome-wide association study provides evidence for a breast cancer risk locus at 6q22.33.
Discovery and replication of dopamine-related gene effects on caudate volume in young and elderly populations (N=1198) using genome-wide search.
A genomewide association study of citalopram response in major depressive disorder.
A high-density whole-genome association study reveals that APOE is the major susceptibility gene for sporadic late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
ITPA polymorphism affects ribavirin-induced anemia and outcomes of therapy--a genome-wide study of Japanese HCV virus patients.
A genome-wide association study of lung cancer identifies a region of chromosome 5p15 associated with risk for adenocarcinoma.
A genome-wide association study of HCV-induced liver cirrhosis in the Japanese population identifies novel susceptibility loci at the MHC region.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for Crohn disease and implicates autophagy in disease pathogenesis.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies PDE4D as an asthma-susceptibility gene.
Association of cytochrome P450 2C19 genotype with the antiplatelet effect and clinical efficacy of clopidogrel therapy.
Genome-wide association study evaluating lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 mass and activity at baseline and after rosuvastatin therapy.
Common genetic variation near MC4R is associated with waist circumference and insulin resistance.
Sorl1 as an Alzheimer's disease predisposition gene?
From the Cover: Whole-genome association study identifies STK39 as a hypertension susceptibility gene.
Loci at chromosomes 13, 19 and 20 influence age at natural menopause.
Common variants near MBNL1 and NKX2-5 are associated with infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
Common variants near MC4R are associated with fat mass, weight and risk of obesity.
Genome-wide pharmacogenomic study of citalopram-induced side effects in STAR*D.
Genomewide association study of a rapid progression cohort identifies new susceptibility alleles for AIDS (ANRS Genomewide Association Study 03).
Genome-wide association analysis of metabolic traits in a birth cohort from a founder population.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility locus at 6p21.3 among familial CLL.
Novel loci, including those related to Crohn disease, psoriasis, and inflammation, identified in a genome-wide association study of fibrinogen in 17 686 women: the Women's Genome Health Study.
Twenty bone-mineral-density loci identified by large-scale meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study of pancreatic cancer in Japanese population.
A genome-wide scan for common genetic variants with a large influence on warfarin maintenance dose.
Converging evidence for a pseudoautosomal cytokine receptor gene locus in schizophrenia.
Hippocampal atrophy as a quantitative trait in a genome-wide association study identifying novel susceptibility genes for Alzheimer's disease.
Common body mass index-associated variants confer risk of extreme obesity.
Genome-wide scan of copy number variation in late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
A polymorphism within the G6PC2 gene is associated with fasting plasma glucose levels.
Meta-analysis of genome scans and replication identify CD6, IRF8 and TNFRSF1A as new multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci.
A genome-wide association study of hypertension and blood pressure in African Americans.
Genetic and clinical correlates of early-outgrowth colony-forming units.
Sequence variants in the CLDN14 gene associate with kidney stones and bone mineral density.
Genome-wide association scan identifies variants near Matrix Metalloproteinase (MMP) genes on chromosome 11q21-22 strongly associated with serum MMP-1 levels.
Genome-wide association study reveals multiple nasopharyngeal carcinoma-associated loci within the HLA region at chromosome 6p21.3.
Loci on 7p12.2, 10q21.2 and 14q11.2 are associated with risk of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genome-wide association analysis of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in the population-based KORA study sheds new light on intergenic regions.
A genome-wide association study identifies a locus for nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate on 8q24.
Family-based genome-wide association scan of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Several common variants modulate heart rate, PR interval and QRS duration.
A genome-wide association study of neuroticism in a population-based sample.
Genetic variation in GPR133 is associated with height: genome wide association study in the self-contained population of Sorbs.
Imputation of sequence variants for identification of genetic risks for Parkinson's disease: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study identifies BICD1 as a susceptibility gene for emphysema.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies a risk locus for major mood disorders on 3p21.1.
Common variants near TERC are associated with mean telomere length.
Genome-wide association study of CSF biomarkers Abeta1-42, t-tau, and p-tau181p in the ADNI cohort.
Genome-wide association study of diabetic retinopathy in a Taiwanese population.
Genome-wide association studies identify loci associated with age at menarche and age at natural menopause.
A genome-wide linkage and association scan reveals novel loci for autism.
Genome-wide association studies of the PR interval in African Americans.
Integrative genome-wide association analysis of cytoarchitectural abnormalities in the prefrontal cortex of psychiatric disorders.
MGAT5 alters the severity of multiple sclerosis.
Genetic variants that affect length/height in infancy/early childhood in Vietnamese-Korean families.
Common variants at 10 genomic loci influence hemoglobin A₁(C) levels via glycemic and nonglycemic pathways.
A genome-wide association study of red blood cell traits using the electronic medical record.
New susceptibility locus for coronary artery disease on chromosome 3q22.3.
Common variants in the calcium-sensing receptor gene are associated with total serum calcium levels.
Genome-wide association study identifies new multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci on chromosomes 12 and 20.
A genome-wide association study identifies pancreatic cancer susceptibility loci on chromosomes 13q22.1, 1q32.1 and 5p15.33.
Genome-wide association study of recurrent major depressive disorder in two European case-control cohorts.
Genetic risk factors for variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study identifies new loci for ACE activity: potential implications for response to ACE inhibitor.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis find that over 40 loci affect risk of type 1 diabetes.
Novel association to the proprotein convertase PCSK7 gene locus revealed by analysing soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR) levels.
Genetic Loci associated with C-reactive protein levels and risk of coronary heart disease.
A genome-wide study identifies HLA alleles associated with lumiracoxib-related liver injury.
A genome-wide analysis identifies genetic variants in the RELN gene associated with otosclerosis.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis of European and Asian-ancestry samples identifies three novel loci associated with bipolar disorder.
Genetic variation in GIPR influences the glucose and insulin responses to an oral glucose challenge.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol dependence.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in the ABO locus associated with susceptibility to pancreatic cancer.
Genome-wide association study of ulcerative colitis identifies three new susceptibility loci, including the HNF4A region.
Dementia revealed: novel chromosome 6 locus for late-onset Alzheimer disease provides genetic evidence for folate-pathway abnormalities.
Association of JAG1 with bone mineral density and osteoporotic fractures: a genome-wide association study and follow-up replication studies.
A genome-wide association study identifies RNF213 as the first Moyamoya disease gene.
Common variants at five new loci associated with early-onset inflammatory bowel disease.
A colorectal cancer genome-wide association study in a Spanish cohort identifies two variants associated with colorectal cancer risk at 1p33 and 8p12.
Genetic variants at 2q24 are associated with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes.
Variants in ZFHX3 are associated with atrial fibrillation in individuals of European ancestry.
Meta-analysis of 28,141 individuals identifies common variants within five new loci that influence uric acid concentrations.
A genome-wide association analysis reveals 1p31 and 2p13.3 as susceptibility loci for Kawasaki disease.
Genome-wide association study of generalized vitiligo in an isolated European founder population identifies SMOC2, in close proximity to IDDM8.
Genomewide pharmacogenomic study of metabolic side effects to antipsychotic drugs.
Sequence variants at CYP1A1-CYP1A2 and AHR associate with coffee consumption.
Genome-wide association studies of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis suggest candidate susceptibility genes.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data of bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic determinants of warfarin responsiveness for Japanese.
The perception of quinine taste intensity is associated with common genetic variants in a bitter receptor cluster on chromosome 12.
Linkage analysis identifies a locus for plasma von Willebrand factor undetected by genome-wide association.
A genome-wide association study identifies UGT1A1 as a regulator of serum cell-free DNA in young adults: The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies single nucleotide polymorphism in DYRK1A associated with replication of HIV-1 in monocyte-derived macrophages.
Genome-wide study of single-nucleotide polymorphisms associated with azoospermia and severe oligozoospermia.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for ovarian cancer at 2q31 and 8q24.
A genome-wide association study in the Japanese population confirms 9p21 and 14q23 as susceptibility loci for primary open angle glaucoma.
Fasting glucose GWAS candidate region analysis across ethnic groups in the Multiethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).
Genome-wide and candidate gene association study of cigarette smoking behaviors.
CHRNB3 is more strongly associated with Fagerström test for cigarette dependence-based nicotine dependence than cigarettes per day: phenotype definition changes genome-wide association studies results.
Key susceptibility locus for nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate on chromosome 8q24.
Genome-wide association study of genetic determinants of LDL-c response to atorvastatin therapy: importance of Lp(a).
Genome-wide association and replication studies identified TRHR as an important gene for lean body mass.
Genome-wide association study of age-related macular degeneration identifies associated variants in the TNXB-FKBPL-NOTCH4 region of chromosome 6p21.3.
Genome-wide association study of Tourette's syndrome.
Genome-wide association study to identify common variants associated with brachial circumference: a meta-analysis of 14 cohorts.
Genome-wide association analysis of coffee drinking suggests association with CYP1A1/CYP1A2 and NRCAM.
The 18p11.22 locus is associated with never smoker non-small cell lung cancer susceptibility in Korean populations.
Genome-wide association study identifies four loci associated with eruption of permanent teeth.
Identification of genetic loci associated with Helicobacter pylori serologic status.
Genome-wide association study in a Swedish population yields support for greater CNV and MHC involvement in schizophrenia compared with bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association identifies genetic variants associated with lentiform nucleus volume in N = 1345 young and elderly subjects.
Multiple loci influencing hippocampal degeneration identified by genome scan.
Genetic variants on chromosome 1q41 influence ocular axial length and high myopia.
SSBP2 variants are associated with survival in glioblastoma patients.
Genome-wide association and large-scale follow up identifies 16 new loci influencing lung function.
Genome-wide association study link novel loci to endometriosis.
Genome-wide association study indicates two novel resistance loci for severe malaria.
Polymorphisms in the glial glutamate transporter SLC1A2 are associated with essential tremor.
Meta-analysis identifies multiple loci associated with kidney function-related traits in east Asian populations.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies multiple loci related to resting heart rate.
Common variants near TARDBP and EGR2 are associated with susceptibility to Ewing sarcoma.
IL28B is associated with response to chronic hepatitis C interferon-alpha and ribavirin therapy.
Common variants at CD40 and other loci confer risk of rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple loci influencing human serum metabolite levels.
Genome-wide association studies of pit-and-fissure- and smooth-surface caries in permanent dentition.
Genome-wide association study identified novel genetic variant on SLC45A3 gene associated with serum levels prostate-specific antigen (PSA) in a Chinese population.
Genome-wide association and functional follow-up reveals new loci for kidney function.
A genome-wide scan for breast cancer risk haplotypes among African American women.
Wnt signaling and Dupuytren's disease.
A common variant in SLC8A1 is associated with the duration of the electrocardiographic QT interval.
A genome-wide association study identifies 2 susceptibility Loci for Crohn's disease in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study on plasma levels of midregional-proadrenomedullin and C-terminal-pro-endothelin-1.
SNPs on chromosome 5p15.3 associated with myocardial infarction in Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study in Caucasian women points out a putative role of the STXBP5L gene in facial photoaging.
A whole-genome association study of major determinants for allopurinol-related Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis in Japanese patients.
Genome-wide genotyping in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and neurologically normal controls: first stage analysis and public release of data.
BCL9 and C9orf5 are associated with negative symptoms in schizophrenia: meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
A genome-wide association study of central corneal thickness in Latinos.
A genome-wide association study identifies colorectal cancer susceptibility loci on chromosomes 10p14 and 8q23.3.
A genome-wide association study identifies six susceptibility loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Genome-wide scan on total serum IgE levels identifies FCER1A as novel susceptibility locus.
Genomic association analysis suggests chromosome 12 locus influencing antihypertensive response to thiazide diuretic.
Ischemic stroke is associated with the ABO locus: the EuroCLOT study.
Genetic determinants of trabecular and cortical volumetric bone mineral densities and bone microstructure.
Genome-wide association study of antiphospholipid antibodies.
Novel genes identified in a high-density genome wide association study for nicotine dependence.
Genome-wide association study identifies loci affecting blood copper, selenium and zinc.
Common genetic variation and antidepressant efficacy in major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis of three genome-wide pharmacogenetic studies.
Loci on 20q13 and 21q22 are associated with pediatric-onset inflammatory bowel disease.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in five cohorts reveals common variants in RBFOX1, a regulator of tissue-specific splicing, associated with refractive error.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies loci for type 2 diabetes and triglyceride levels.
A genome-wide meta-analysis identifies 22 loci associated with eight hematological parameters in the HaemGen consortium.
Germline genomic variants associated with childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
A genome-wide association study on obesity and obesity-related traits.
Genome-wide pharmacogenomic analysis of response to treatment with antipsychotics.
A novel susceptibility locus for type 1 diabetes on Chr12q13 identified by a genome-wide association study.
Genetic variants and environmental factors associated with hormonal markers of ovarian reserve in Caucasian and African American women.
A genome-wide association study of sporadic ALS in a homogenous Irish population.
Genome-wide association study of exercise behavior in Dutch and American adults.
Identification of a novel susceptibility locus for juvenile idiopathic arthritis by genome-wide association analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel multiple sclerosis susceptibility loci.
A genome-wide association study of type 2 diabetes in Finns detects multiple susceptibility variants.
A comprehensive genetic association study of Alzheimer disease in African Americans.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of the electrocardiographic early repolarization pattern.
A genome-wide study of common SNPs and CNVs in cognitive performance in the CANTAB.
Genome-wide association study confirms BST1 and suggests a locus on 12q24 as the risk loci for Parkinson's disease in the European population.
Genome-wide association scan for stature in Chinese: evidence for ethnic specific loci.
Cross-disorder genomewide analysis of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and depression.
Genome-wide association study identifies five new susceptibility loci for prostate cancer in the Japanese population.
Sequence variants in three loci influence monocyte counts and erythrocyte volume.
Genetic variation in IL28B is associated with chronic hepatitis C and treatment failure: a genome-wide association study.
Genetic variant near IRS1 is associated with type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia.
Genome-wide association study in bipolar patients stratified by co-morbidity.
Genome-wide association study of migraine implicates a common susceptibility variant on 8q22.1.
Genome-wide association with C-reactive protein levels in CLHNS: evidence for the CRP and HNF1A loci and their interaction with exposure to a pathogenic environment.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies three psoriasis susceptibility loci.
The membrane-spanning 4-domains, subfamily A (MS4A) gene cluster contains a common variant associated with Alzheimer's disease.
A combined analysis of genome-wide association studies in breast cancer.
Common variants near CAV1 and CAV2 are associated with primary open-angle glaucoma.
Genome-wide association and longitudinal analyses reveal genetic loci linking pubertal height growth, pubertal timing and childhood adiposity.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies six new Loci for serum calcium concentrations.
A pilot genome-wide association study shows genomic variants enriched in the non-tumor cells of patients with well-differentiated neuroendocrine tumors of the ileum.
Genome-wide associations and functional genomic studies of musculoskeletal adverse events in women receiving aromatase inhibitors.
A genome-wide association study identifies protein quantitative trait loci (pQTLs).
A genome-wide meta-analysis of genetic variants associated with allergic rhinitis and grass sensitization and their interaction with birth order.
Novel association of ABO histo-blood group antigen with soluble ICAM-1: results of a genome-wide association study of 6,578 women.
Genetic associations for activated partial thromboplastin time and prothrombin time, their gene expression profiles, and risk of coronary artery disease.
Chromosome 6p22 locus associated with clinically aggressive neuroblastoma.
Genome-wide association scan identifies a prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2 variant involved in risk of knee osteoarthritis.
Screening for replication of genome-wide SNP associations in sporadic ALS.
Common variants of FUT2 are associated with plasma vitamin B12 levels.
Fucosyltransferase 2 (FUT2) non-secretor status is associated with Crohn's disease.
Genome-wide association scan identifies candidate polymorphisms associated with differential response to anti-TNF treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
Common variants in DGKK are strongly associated with risk of hypospadias.
Genome-wide association study of young-onset hypertension in the Han Chinese population of Taiwan.
A genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies new susceptibility loci for ankylosing spondylitis.
Genome-wide and fine-resolution association analysis of malaria in West Africa.
Use of diverse electronic medical record systems to identify genetic risk for type 2 diabetes within a genome-wide association study.
Variant between CPT1B and CHKB associated with susceptibility to narcolepsy.
Conduct disorder and ADHD: evaluation of conduct problems as a categorical and quantitative trait in the international multicentre ADHD genetics study.
Genetic variants near TNFAIP3 on 6q23 are associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at the IL18-BCO2 locus associated with interleukin-18 levels.
Genome wide association (GWA) predictors of anti-TNFalpha therapeutic responsiveness in pediatric inflammatory bowel disease.
Genome-wide association analysis in sarcoidosis and Crohn's disease unravels a common susceptibility locus on 10p12.2.
Genome-wide association scan for five major dimensions of personality.
A genome-wide association study of autism reveals a common novel risk locus at 5p14.1.
A genome-wide association and gene-environment interaction study for serum triglycerides levels in a healthy Chinese male population.
Does parental expressed emotion moderate genetic effects in ADHD? An exploration using a genome wide association scan.
New loci associated with central cornea thickness include COL5A1, AKAP13 and AVGR8.
A genome-wide association study identifies four susceptibility loci for keloid in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association of implantable cardioverter-defibrillator activation with life-threatening arrhythmias.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel alleles associated with hair color and skin pigmentation.
Identification of ZNF313/RNF114 as a novel psoriasis susceptibility gene.
A sequence variant in ZFHX3 on 16q22 associates with atrial fibrillation and ischemic stroke.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel susceptibility locus at 12q23.1 for lung squamous cell carcinoma in han chinese.
Collaborative genome-wide association analysis supports a role for ANK3 and CACNA1C in bipolar disorder.
Risk variants for atrial fibrillation on chromosome 4q25 associate with ischemic stroke.
Common genetic variation near melatonin receptor MTNR1B contributes to raised plasma glucose and increased risk of type 2 diabetes among Indian Asians and European Caucasians.
Genome-wide meta-analysis for serum calcium identifies significantly associated SNPs near the calcium-sensing receptor (CASR) gene.
Meta-analysis identifies a MECOM gene as a novel predisposing factor of osteoporotic fracture.
Familial defective apolipoprotein B-100 and increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and coronary artery calcification in the old order amish.
Genome-wide association studies of quantitatively measured skin, hair, and eye pigmentation in four European populations.
Genome-wide association study of coronary and aortic calcification implicates risk loci for coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction.
Genetic variants in LPL, OASL and TOMM40/APOE-C1-C2-C4 genes are associated with multiple cardiovascular-related traits.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at CLU and CR1 associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies a susceptibility locus for pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Genetic determinants of plasma β₂-glycoprotein I levels: a genome-wide association study in extended pedigrees from Spain.
A genome-wide association study identifies common variants near LBX1 associated with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
A genome-wide association study for primary open angle glaucoma and macular degeneration reveals novel Loci.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies to identify prostate cancer susceptibility loci associated with aggressive and non-aggressive disease.
Multiple genetic loci for bone mineral density and fractures.
Lung cancer susceptibility locus at 5p15.33.
Genome-wide association analysis of circulating vitamin D levels in children with asthma.
Common variants in left/right asymmetry genes and pathways are associated with relative hand skill.
Robust evidence for five new Graves' disease risk loci from a staged genome-wide association analysis.
Genome-wide association study identified ITPA/DDRGK1 variants reflecting thrombocytopenia in pegylated interferon and ribavirin therapy for chronic hepatitis C.
Genome-wide association identifies the T gene as a novel asthma pharmacogenetic locus.
GWAS of blood cell traits identifies novel associated loci and epistatic interactions in Caucasian and African-American children.
Genome-wide association study of hematological and biochemical traits in a Japanese population.
Clinical, polysomnographic and genome-wide association analyses of narcolepsy with cataplexy: a European Narcolepsy Network study.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for biliary atresia on 10q24.2.
A genome-wide association study identifies new psoriasis susceptibility loci and an interaction between HLA-C and ERAP1.
Genome-wide association study identifies three common variants associated with serologic response to vitamin E supplementation in men.
Genome-wide association study for type 2 diabetes in Indians identifies a new susceptibility locus at 2q21.
A genome-wide association study of host genetic determinants of the antibody response to Anthrax Vaccine Adsorbed.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel alleles associated with risk of cutaneous basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma.
Genetic determinants of dabigatran plasma levels and their relation to bleeding.
Genetic risk and a primary role for cell-mediated immune mechanisms in multiple sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study of intelligence: additive effects of novel brain expressed genes.
Genome-wide association study of serum albumin:globulin ratio in Korean populations.
Novel locus FER is associated with serum HMW adiponectin levels.
Genome-wide pharmacogenomic study of neurocognition as an indicator of antipsychotic treatment response in schizophrenia.
HLA-Cw*1202-B*5201-DRB1*1502 haplotype increases risk for ulcerative colitis but reduces risk for Crohn's disease.
Family-based genome-wide association study of frontal θ oscillations identifies potassium channel gene KCNJ6.
GWAS of DNA methylation variation within imprinting control regions suggests parent-of-origin association.
Common genetic variation and susceptibility to partial epilepsies: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies TH1 pathway genes associated with lung function in asthmatic patients.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new locus for coronary artery disease on chromosome 10p11.23.
1000 Genomes-based imputation identifies novel and refined associations for the Wellcome Trust Case Control Consortium phase 1 Data.
Genome-wide association study identifies a psoriasis susceptibility locus at TRAF3IP2.
A genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for non-cardia gastric cancer at 3q13.31 and 5p13.1.
Heritability and genome-wide association analysis of renal sinus fat accumulation in the Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association scan of trait depression.
Large-scale genome-wide association studies in East Asians identify new genetic loci influencing metabolic traits.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of nodular sclerosing Hodgkin lymphoma identifies risk loci at 6p21.32.
Genome-wide association studies identify CHRNA5/3 and HTR4 in the development of airflow obstruction.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new melanoma susceptibility locus at 1q21.3.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies TYW3/CRYZ and NDST4 loci associated with circulating resistin levels.
Association of SNPs in the UGT1A gene cluster with total bilirubin and mortality in the Diabetes Heart Study.
A genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
A genome wide association study of genetic loci that influence tumour biomarkers cancer antigen 19-9, carcinoembryonic antigen and α fetoprotein and their associations with cancer risk.
A genome-wide screen for interactions reveals a new locus on 4p15 modifying the effect of waist-to-hip ratio on total cholesterol.
Genome-wide association study of monoamine metabolite levels in human cerebrospinal fluid.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple susceptibility loci for pulmonary fibrosis.
Clozapine-induced agranulocytosis is associated with rare HLA-DQB1 and HLA-B alleles.
Genome-wide association study of body mass index in 23 000 individuals with and without asthma.
Genome-wide association replicates the association of Duffy antigen receptor for chemokines (DARC) polymorphisms with serum monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) levels in Hispanic children.
Clinical and genetic association of serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities with cardiovascular risk.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies 11 new loci for anthropometric traits and provides insights into genetic architecture.
Common genetic loci influencing plasma homocysteine concentrations and their effect on risk of coronary artery disease.
A 2-stage genome-wide association study to identify single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with development of urinary symptoms after radiotherapy for prostate cancer.
Genome-wide association study of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Joint influence of small-effect genetic variants on human longevity.
Genome-wide association study of glioma and meta-analysis.
A meta-analysis identifies new loci associated with body mass index in individuals of African ancestry.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of smoking behaviors in African Americans.
Genome-wide association study identifies a common variant in RAD51B associated with male breast cancer risk.
Nine loci for ocular axial length identified through genome-wide association studies, including shared loci with refractive error.
Preliminary evidence of genetic determinants of adiponectin response to fenofibrate in the Genetics of Lipid Lowering Drugs and Diet Network.
A genome-wide association study reveals that variants within the HLA region are associated with risk for nonobstructive azoospermia.
Association of common variants in TNFRSF13B, TNFSF13, and ANXA3 with serum levels of non-albumin protein and immunoglobulin isotypes in Japanese.
Common variation at 6p21.31 (BAK1) influences the risk of chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
Genome-wide association study of multiplex schizophrenia pedigrees.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease.
FTO genotype is associated with phenotypic variability of body mass index.
A genome-wide association study of a coronary artery disease risk variant.
Genome wide study of maternal and parent-of-origin effects on the etiology of orofacial clefts.
Linkage and association of successful aging to the 6q25 region in large Amish kindreds.
Bivariate genome-wide association analyses of femoral neck bone geometry and appendicular lean mass.
Novel loci for adiponectin levels and their influence on type 2 diabetes and metabolic traits: a multi-ethnic meta-analysis of 45,891 individuals.
Age of onset of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis is modulated by a locus on 1p34.1.
A single-nucleotide polymorphism in ANK1 is associated with susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in Japanese populations.
Genome-wide association study identifies six new loci influencing pulse pressure and mean arterial pressure.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 13 new susceptibility loci for generalized vitiligo.
Genome-wide linkage and association scans for pulse pressure in Chinese twins.
Association of variants at UMOD with chronic kidney disease and kidney stones-role of age and comorbid diseases.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants associated with circulating vitamin E levels.
Clinical and genetic association of serum ceruloplasmin with cardiovascular risk.
Genome-wide association study of HPV seropositivity.
Genome-wide association study identifies a variant in HDAC9 associated with large vessel ischemic stroke.
Identification of common variants influencing risk of the tauopathy progressive supranuclear palsy.
A shared susceptibility locus in PLCE1 at 10q23 for gastric adenocarcinoma and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
Identification of candidate loci at 6p21 and 21q22 in a genome-wide association study of cardiac manifestations of neonatal lupus.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for Wilms tumor.
HTRA1 promoter polymorphism in wet age-related macular degeneration.
The chromosome 3q25 genomic region is associated with measures of adiposity in newborns in a multi-ethnic genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of self-rated health.
A variant in the LRRFIP1 gene is associated with adiposity and inflammation.
Individual common variants exert weak effects on the risk for autism spectrum disorders.
Genetic variants associated with breast size also influence breast cancer risk.
A genome-wide association study of depressive symptoms.
Genome-wide association study of ulcerative colitis in Koreans suggests extensive overlapping of genetic susceptibility with Caucasians.
Genome-wide association study indicates variants associated with insulin signaling and inflammation mediate lipoprotein responses to fenofibrate.
Genome-wide association study of opioid dependence: multiple associations mapped to calcium and potassium pathways.
Population-based meta-analysis in Caucasians confirms association with COL5A1 and ZNF469 but not COL8A2 with central corneal thickness.
Genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus contributing to type 2 diabetes susceptibility in Sikhs of Punjabi origin from India.
Identification of nine new susceptibility loci for testicular cancer, including variants near DAZL and PRDM14.
Identification of a susceptibility locus in STAT4 for Behçet's disease in Han Chinese in a genome-wide association study.
Generalization of variants identified by genome-wide association studies for electrocardiographic traits in African Americans.
Genome-wide association with select biomarker traits in the Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association study of anthropometric traits in Korcula Island, Croatia.
A genome-wide perspective of genetic variation in human metabolism.
LDL-cholesterol concentrations: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide analysis identifies a quantitative trait locus in the MHC class II region associated with generalized vitiligo age of onset.
Identification of new genetic risk variants for type 2 diabetes.
TRAF1-C5 as a risk locus for rheumatoid arthritis--a genomewide study.
A QTL influencing F cell production maps to a gene encoding a zinc-finger protein on chromosome 2p15.
Sequence variants in the RNF212 gene associate with genome-wide recombination rate.
Male-pattern baldness susceptibility locus at 20p11.
A genome-wide association scan of tag SNPs identifies a susceptibility variant for colorectal cancer at 8q24.21.
Digital quantification of human eye color highlights genetic association of three new loci.
Genome-wide association to body mass index and waist circumference: the Framingham Heart Study 100K project.
Modeling the cumulative genetic risk for multiple sclerosis from genome-wide association data.
Genome-wide association defines more than 30 distinct susceptibility loci for Crohn's disease.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association study data identifies additional type 1 diabetes risk loci.
Genome-wide association study of rheumatoid arthritis in Koreans: population-specific loci as well as overlap with European susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association scan of Dupuytren's disease.
A genome-wide association study for celiac disease identifies risk variants in the region harboring IL2 and IL21.
Multiple genetic loci influence serum urate levels and their relationship with gout and cardiovascular disease risk factors.
A whole genome association study of neuroticism using DNA pooling.
Six new loci associated with blood low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or triglycerides in humans.
Genome-wide analysis reveals novel genes influencing temporal lobe structure with relevance to neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease.
A genome-wide association study implicates diacylglycerol kinase eta (DGKH) and several other genes in the etiology of bipolar disorder.
Common variants in the GDF5-UQCC region are associated with variation in human height.
Meta-analysis for genome-wide association study identifies multiple variants at the BIN1 locus associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Identification of seven new prostate cancer susceptibility loci through a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study in Chinese men identifies three risk loci for non-obstructive azoospermia.
A genome-wide association study identified AFF1 as a susceptibility locus for systemic lupus eyrthematosus in Japanese.
A genome-wide association study of gestational diabetes mellitus in Korean women.
Multiple loci influence erythrocyte phenotypes in the CHARGE Consortium.
Four novel Loci (19q13, 6q24, 12q24, and 5q14) influence the microcirculation in vivo.
CUBN is a gene locus for albuminuria.
A genetic risk factor for periodic limb movements in sleep.
Newly identified loci that influence lipid concentrations and risk of coronary artery disease.
A genome-wide genotyping study in patients with ischaemic stroke: initial analysis and data release.
Bisphosphonate-related osteonecrosis of the jaw is associated with polymorphisms of the cytochrome P450 CYP2C8 in multiple myeloma: a genome-wide single nucleotide polymorphism analysis.
The GLUT9 gene is associated with serum uric acid levels in Sardinia and Chianti cohorts.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic variation in neurocan as a susceptibility factor for bipolar disorder.
Genetics meets metabolomics: a genome-wide association study of metabolite profiles in human serum.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for adiponectin levels in East Asians identifies a novel locus near WDR11-FGFR2.
Genome-wide association study on overall survival of advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients treated with carboplatin and paclitaxel.
Genome-wide association study of 14,000 cases of seven common diseases and 3,000 shared controls.
A genome-wide association study of upper aerodigestive tract cancers conducted within the INHANCE consortium.
Genetic determinants of hair, eye and skin pigmentation in Europeans.
Genome-wide association study of suicide attempts in mood disorder patients.
Genome-wide association study identifies a second prostate cancer susceptibility variant at 8q24.
Eight common genetic variants associated with serum DHEAS levels suggest a key role in ageing mechanisms.
Common variants on 1p36 and 1q42 are associated with cutaneous basal cell carcinoma but not with melanoma or pigmentation traits.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies variants associated with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease that have distinct effects on metabolic traits.
A common variant of HMGA2 is associated with adult and childhood height in the general population.
Loci associated with N-glycosylation of human immunoglobulin G show pleiotropy with autoimmune diseases and haematological cancers.
Genetic variants influencing circulating lipid levels and risk of coronary artery disease.
Multidimensional prognostic risk assessment identifies association between IL12B variation and surgery in Crohn's disease.
Candidate single-nucleotide polymorphisms from a genomewide association study of Alzheimer disease.
Genome-wide association with diabetes-related traits in the Framingham Heart Study.
A genome-wide association study identifies alleles in FGFR2 associated with risk of sporadic postmenopausal breast cancer.
A bivariate genome-wide approach to metabolic syndrome: STAMPEED consortium.
Variants near DMRT1, TERT and ATF7IP are associated with testicular germ cell cancer.
Genome-wide association analyses identify multiple loci associated with central corneal thickness and keratoconus.
Multistage genomewide association study identifies a locus at 1q41 associated with rate of HIV-1 disease progression to clinical AIDS.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies three new risk loci for atopic dermatitis.
Genome-wide scan reveals association of psoriasis with IL-23 and NF-kappaB pathways.
Genome-wide association study identifies genes for biomarkers of cardiovascular disease: serum urate and dyslipidemia.
Genome-wide association study shows BCL11A associated with persistent fetal hemoglobin and amelioration of the phenotype of beta-thalassemia.
A genome-wide association study identifies locus at 10q22 associated with clinical outcomes of adjuvant tamoxifen therapy for breast cancer patients in Japanese.
Genome-wide genotyping in Parkinson's disease and neurologically normal controls: first stage analysis and public release of data.
Common variations in PSMD3-CSF3 and PLCB4 are associated with neutrophil count.
A genome-wide search for loci interacting with known prostate cancer risk-associated genetic variants.
Differential genetic associations for systemic lupus erythematosus based on anti-dsDNA autoantibody production.
Genome-wide association study of ankylosing spondylitis identifies non-MHC susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study in a Chinese Han population identifies nine new susceptibility loci for systemic lupus erythematosus.
Childhood intelligence is heritable, highly polygenic and associated with FNBP1L.
Insights into the genetic architecture of early stage age-related macular degeneration: a genome-wide association study meta-analysis.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide scans for human adult stature identifies novel Loci and associations with measures of skeletal frame size.
Genome-wide association study identifies 19p13.3 (UNC13A) and 9p21.2 as susceptibility loci for sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Genome-wide association studies in Asians confirm the involvement of ATOH7 and TGFBR3, and further identify CARD10 as a novel locus influencing optic disc area.
Genome-wide association and replication studies identify four variants associated with prostate cancer susceptibility.
SORL1 is genetically associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease in Japanese, Koreans and Caucasians.
Common variants of large effect in F12, KNG1, and HRG are associated with activated partial thromboplastin time.
Genome-wide association study identifies five loci associated with susceptibility to pancreatic cancer in Chinese populations.
Variants in several genomic regions associated with asperger disorder.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with histologic features of nonalcoholic Fatty liver disease.
Genome-wide association study of temperament in bipolar disorder reveals significant associations with three novel Loci.
Common variants at 19p13 are associated with susceptibility to ovarian cancer.
A genome-wide association scan of RR and QT interval duration in 3 European genetically isolated populations: the EUROSPAN project.
Common sequence variants in the LOXL1 gene confer susceptibility to exfoliation glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study identifies a single major locus contributing to survival into old age; the APOE locus revisited.
GWAS identifies novel susceptibility loci on 6p21.32 and 21q21.3 for hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis B virus carriers.
Association of the TRAF1-C5 locus on chromosome 9 with juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Identification of 15 loci influencing height in a Korean population.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic risk underlying primary rhegmatogenous retinal detachment.
Genome wide association (GWA) study for early onset extreme obesity supports the role of fat mass and obesity associated gene (FTO) variants.
Duffy-null-associated low neutrophil counts influence HIV-1 susceptibility in high-risk South African black women.
ITPR2 as a susceptibility gene in sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: a genome-wide association study.
Impact of DISC1 variation on neuroanatomical and neurocognitive phenotypes.
Association of novel genetic Loci with circulating fibrinogen levels: a genome-wide association study in 6 population-based cohorts.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association scans for genetic susceptibility to endometriosis in Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study identifies IL23R as an inflammatory bowel disease gene.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci for plasma levels of protein C: the ARIC study.
Atopy history and the genomics of wheezing after influenza vaccination in children 6-59 months of age.
Web-based, participant-driven studies yield novel genetic associations for common traits.
Population-based genome-wide association studies reveal six loci influencing plasma levels of liver enzymes.
Genome-wide association study identifies two susceptibility loci for nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate.
Genome-wide association study of height and body mass index in Australian twin families.
A common variant on chromosome 9p21 affects the risk of myocardial infarction.
A genome-wide association study of pulmonary function measures in the Framingham Heart Study.
A genome-wide association analysis of serum iron concentrations.
A genome screen of successful aging without cognitive decline identifies LRP1B by haplotype analysis.
Genome-wide association and linkage analyses of hemostatic factors and hematological phenotypes in the Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association study for early-onset and morbid adult obesity identifies three new risk loci in European populations.
Genome-wide association study of bipolar disorder in European American and African American individuals.
Common genetic variation in the HLA region is associated with late-onset sporadic Parkinson's disease.
A large-scale genome-wide association study of Asian populations uncovers genetic factors influencing eight quantitative traits.
Common variants at ten loci modulate the QT interval duration in the QTSCD Study.
Common genetic determinants of vitamin D insufficiency: a genome-wide association study.
E2-2 protein and Fuchs's corneal dystrophy.
Genome-wide association study reveals genetic risk underlying Parkinson's disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic variants influencing F-cell levels in sickle-cell patients.
Genetic correction of PSA values using sequence variants associated with PSA levels.
A genome-wide association study identifies genetic variants in the CDKN2BAS locus associated with endometriosis in Japanese.
REL, encoding a member of the NF-kappaB family of transcription factors, is a newly defined risk locus for rheumatoid arthritis.
GWAS of cerebrospinal fluid tau levels identifies risk variants for Alzheimer's disease.
A genome-wide association study of testicular germ cell tumor.
A genome-wide association study of schizophrenia using brain activation as a quantitative phenotype.
Evidence for shared genetic risk between methamphetamine-induced psychosis and schizophrenia.
Genomewide association analysis of coronary artery disease.
Complement factor H polymorphism in age-related macular degeneration.
Identification of novel susceptibility Loci for kawasaki disease in a Han chinese population by a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study identifies ITGA9 conferring risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Propensity score-based nonparametric test revealing genetic variants underlying bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association studies in an isolated founder population from the Pacific Island of Kosrae.
A quantitative-trait genome-wide association study of alcoholism risk in the community: findings and implications.
Genome-wide association study in a high-risk isolate for multiple sclerosis reveals associated variants in STAT3 gene.
Genome-wide scan for loci of adolescent obesity and their relationship with blood pressure.
Genome-wide association study for coronary artery calcification with follow-up in myocardial infarction.
ELF1 is associated with systemic lupus erythematosus in Asian populations.
Genetic variations in GRIA1 on chromosome 5q33 related to asparaginase hypersensitivity.
Genome-wide association study of blood pressure and hypertension.
Variants in TF and HFE explain approximately 40% of genetic variation in serum-transferrin levels.
Sequence variants at CHRNB3-CHRNA6 and CYP2A6 affect smoking behavior.
Genome-wide association study identifies sequence variants on 6q21 associated with age at menarche.
A genome-wide association study for diabetic nephropathy genes in African Americans.
A genome-wide association study identifies variants in the HLA-DP locus associated with chronic hepatitis B in Asians.
Genomewide association analysis of symptoms of alcohol dependence in the molecular genetics of schizophrenia (MGS2) control sample.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of cortical bone mineral density unravels allelic heterogeneity at the RANKL locus and potential pleiotropic effects on bone.
High-resolution whole-genome association study of Parkinson disease.
A genome-wide association study of optic disc parameters.
Genome-wide association study of blood pressure extremes identifies variant near UMOD associated with hypertension.
Common variations in BARD1 influence susceptibility to high-risk neuroblastoma.
Genome-wide association study identifies single-nucleotide polymorphism in KCNB1 associated with left ventricular mass in humans: the HyperGEN Study.
Genome-wide association scan of quantitative traits for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder identifies novel associations and confirms candidate gene associations.
A genome-wide association study on common SNPs and rare CNVs in anorexia nervosa.
Genetic factors in nonsmokers with age-related macular degeneration revealed through genome-wide gene-environment interaction analysis.
Genome-wide association study implicates PARD3B-based AIDS restriction.
Genome-wide association study of blood pressure response to methylphenidate treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Variant in the sequence of the LINGO1 gene confers risk of essential tremor.
Multiple common variants for celiac disease influencing immune gene expression.
GWAS of 126,559 individuals identifies genetic variants associated with educational attainment.
A multistage genome-wide association study in breast cancer identifies two new risk alleles at 1p11.2 and 14q24.1 (RAD51L1).
Genome-wide association of IL28B with response to pegylated interferon-alpha and ribavirin therapy for chronic hepatitis C.
Voxelwise genome-wide association study (vGWAS).
Association of three genetic loci with uric acid concentration and risk of gout: a genome-wide association study.
Heritability of submaximal exercise heart rate response to exercise training is accounted for by nine SNPs.
Whole genome association study of brain-wide imaging phenotypes for identifying quantitative trait loci in MCI and AD: A study of the ADNI cohort.
The human AIRE gene at chromosome 21q22 is a genetic determinant for the predisposition to rheumatoid arthritis in Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants at four loci as genetic risk factors for Parkinson's disease.
Common variants in the SLCO1B3 locus are associated with bilirubin levels and unconjugated hyperbilirubinemia.
Genome-wide association study of increasing suicidal ideation during antidepressant treatment in the GENDEP project.
Genome-wide association scan of the time to onset of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Genome-wide association study in Asian populations identifies variants in ETS1 and WDFY4 associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genetic variants in ABO blood group region, plasma soluble E-selectin levels and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of homocysteine levels in Filipinos provides evidence for CPS1 in women and a stronger MTHFR effect in young adults.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new breast cancer susceptibility locus at 6q25.1.
Genome-wide association of serum uric acid concentration: replication of sequence variants in an island population of the Adriatic coast of Croatia.
A germline JAK2 SNP is associated with predisposition to the development of JAK2(V617F)-positive myeloproliferative neoplasms.
A genome-wide association identified the common genetic variants  influence disease severity in beta0-thalassemia/hemoglobin E.
Genome-wide meta-analyses identify multiple loci associated with smoking behavior.
Common variants in the trichohyalin gene are associated with straight hair in Europeans.
Genomics meets glycomics-the first GWAS study of human N-Glycome identifies HNF1α as a master regulator of plasma protein fucosylation.
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms in HLA- and non-HLA genes associated with the development of antibodies to interferon-β therapy in multiple sclerosis patients.
Susceptibility variants for male-pattern baldness on chromosome 20p11.
Genome-wide association study identifies five loci associated with lung function.
Common variants on chromosomes 2q35 and 16q12 confer susceptibility to estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association for migraine in six population-based European cohorts.
A genome-wide association study of acenocoumarol maintenance dosage.
Biological, clinical and population relevance of 95 loci for blood lipids.
Common variation at 3p22.1 and 7p15.3 influences multiple myeloma risk.
Genome-wide significant predictors of metabolites in the one-carbon metabolism pathway.
Common variants in TMPRSS6 are associated with iron status and erythrocyte volume.
Genome-wide association scan in women with systemic lupus erythematosus identifies susceptibility variants in ITGAM, PXK, KIAA1542 and other loci.
Genome-wide association reveals genetic effects on human Aβ42 and τ protein levels in cerebrospinal fluids: a case control study.
A novel genetic marker for coronary spasm in women from a genome-wide single nucleotide polymorphism analysis.
Genome-wide association of echocardiographic dimensions, brachial artery endothelial function and treadmill exercise responses in the Framingham Heart Study.
Common genetic variants on 5p14.1 associate with autism spectrum disorders.
Common polygenic variation contributes to risk of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association study of primary tooth eruption identifies pleiotropic loci associated with height and craniofacial distances.
Genome-wide association study for subclinical atherosclerosis in major arterial territories in the NHLBI's Framingham Heart Study.
Narcolepsy is strongly associated with the T-cell receptor alpha locus.
A pooling-based genome-wide analysis identifies new potential candidate genes for atopy in the European Community Respiratory Health Survey (ECRHS).
Genetic correlates of brain aging on MRI and cognitive test measures: a genome-wide association and linkage analysis in the Framingham Study.
Genomewide association study of leprosy.
Genome-wide association study of systemic sclerosis identifies CD247 as a new susceptibility locus.
Risk alleles for multiple sclerosis identified by a genomewide study.
IL-28B predicts response to chronic hepatitis C therapy--fine-mapping and replication study in Asian populations.
Genome-wide association study of intracranial aneurysm identifies three new risk loci.
Association of systemic lupus erythematosus with C8orf13-BLK and ITGAM-ITGAX.
Variants in the CDKN2B and RTEL1 regions are associated with high-grade glioma susceptibility.
Variants in ADCY5 and near CCNL1 are associated with fetal growth and birth weight.
Identification of PLCL1 gene for hip bone size variation in females in a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of primary dentition pit-and-fissure and smooth surface caries.
Common variants conferring risk of schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for polycystic ovary syndrome on chromosome 2p16.3, 2p21 and 9q33.3.
Genome-wide association study of panic disorder in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association and genetic functional studies identify autism susceptibility candidate 2 gene (AUTS2) in the regulation of alcohol consumption.
Genetic variation in NCAM1 contributes to left ventricular wall thickness in hypertensive families.
Common variants on 14q32 and 13q12 are associated with DLBCL susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study of motor coordination problems in ADHD identifies genes for brain and muscle function.
Genome-wide association study of Lp-PLA(2) activity and mass in the Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in casein kinase II (CSNK2A2) to be associated with leukocyte telomere length in a Punjabi Sikh diabetic cohort.
A genome-wide association study of amygdala activation in youths with and without bipolar disorder.
Psoriasis genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility variants within LCE gene cluster at 1q21.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic loci associated with iron deficiency.
Genome-wide haplotype association study identifies the SLC22A3-LPAL2-LPA gene cluster as a risk locus for coronary artery disease.
Identification of two new loci at IL23R and RAB32 that influence susceptibility to leprosy.
Genome-wide association study of electrocardiographic and heart rate variability traits: the Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association identifies ATOH7 as a major gene determining human optic disc size.
Genome-wide association study identifies five new breast cancer susceptibility loci.
A non-synonymous polymorphism in galactose mutarotase (GALM) is associated with serotonin transporter binding potential in the human thalamus: results of a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide joint SNP and CNV analysis of aortic root diameter in African Americans: the HyperGEN study.
Framingham Heart Study 100K project: genome-wide associations for cardiovascular disease outcomes.
A genome-wide association for kidney function and endocrine-related traits in the NHLBI's Framingham Heart Study.
Common variation in the beta-carotene 15,15'-monooxygenase 1 gene affects circulating levels of carotenoids: a genome-wide association study.
Three genome-wide association studies and a linkage analysis identify HERC2 as a human iris color gene.
Genome-wide association with bone mass and geometry in the Framingham Heart Study.
A genome-wide association study reveals variants in ARL15 that influence adiponectin levels.
Variants in the ATP-binding cassette transporter (ABCA7), apolipoprotein E ϵ4,and the risk of late-onset Alzheimer disease in African Americans.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel loci associated with circulating IGF-I and IGFBP-3.
Acetaminophen-NAPQI hepatotoxicity: a cell line model system genome-wide association study.
Sequence variants affecting eosinophil numbers associate with asthma and myocardial infarction.
Genome-wide association study of acute post-surgical pain in humans.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in TMPRSS6 associated with hemoglobin levels.
Genome-wide association study of circulating vitamin D levels.
Genome-wide association yields new sequence variants at seven loci that associate with measures of obesity.
Novel breast cancer susceptibility locus at 9q31.2: results of a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of serum uric acid in African Americans.
Functional variants in the B-cell gene BANK1 are associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data and large-scale replication identifies additional susceptibility loci for type 2 diabetes.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies four new susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer.
Two-stage genome-wide association study identifies variants in CAMSAP1L1 as susceptibility loci for epilepsy in Chinese.
Common sequence variants on 2p15 and Xp11.22 confer susceptibility to prostate cancer.
Susceptibility loci for intracranial aneurysm in European and Japanese populations.
Meta-analysis and imputation refines the association of 15q25 with smoking quantity.
New variants at 10q26 and 15q21 are associated with aggressive prostate cancer in a genome-wide association study from a prostate biopsy screening cohort.
Framingham Heart Study 100K Project: genome-wide associations for blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
Common variants in the JAZF1 gene associated with height identified by linkage and genome-wide association analysis.
Genetic variation in the KIF1B locus influences susceptibility to multiple sclerosis.
Susceptibility loci associated with specific and shared subtypes of lymphoid malignancies.
Genetic correlates of longevity and selected age-related phenotypes: a genome-wide association study in the Framingham Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies NRG1 as a susceptibility locus for Hirschsprung's disease.
Effect of variation in CHI3L1 on serum YKL-40 level, risk of asthma, and lung function.
Genome-wide association-, replication-, and neuroimaging study implicates HOMER1 in the etiology of major depression.
Two variants on chromosome 17 confer prostate cancer risk, and the one in TCF2 protects against type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study confirms SNPs in SNCA and the MAPT region as common risk factors for Parkinson disease.
Variants conferring risk of atrial fibrillation on chromosome 4q25.
Genome-wide association of early-onset myocardial infarction with single nucleotide polymorphisms and copy number variants.
Six new loci associated with body mass index highlight a neuronal influence on body weight regulation.
A genome-wide association study of breast and prostate cancer in the NHLBI's Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association studies identify genetic loci related to alcohol consumption in Korean men.
Twelve type 2 diabetes susceptibility loci identified through large-scale association analysis.
Meta-analysis identifies 29 additional ulcerative colitis risk loci, increasing the number of confirmed associations to 47.
Genome-wide association analysis and fine mapping of NT-proBNP level provide novel insight into the role of the MTHFR-CLCN6-NPPA-NPPB gene cluster.
Gout and type 2 diabetes have a mutual inter-dependent effect on genetic risk factors and higher incidences.
A genome-wide association study for age-related hearing impairment in the Saami.
Genomewide association study for susceptibility genes contributing to familial Parkinson disease.
A genome-wide association study in 574 schizophrenia trios using DNA pooling.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in celiac disease and rheumatoid arthritis identifies fourteen non-HLA shared loci.
Genome-wide association analysis of age at onset and psychotic symptoms in bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel breast cancer susceptibility loci.
Genetic determinants of circulating sphingolipid concentrations in European populations.
Identification of a common variant in the TFR2 gene implicated in the physiological regulation of serum iron levels.
Genome-wide association analysis of susceptibility and clinical phenotype in multiple sclerosis.
A genome-wide association study of carotid atherosclerosis in HIV-infected men.
Genome-wide association study identifies ALDH7A1 as a novel susceptibility gene for osteoporosis.
Genome-wide association study of coronary heart disease and its risk factors in 8,090 African Americans: the NHLBI CARe Project.
Genetic variation in SCN10A influences cardiac conduction.
Chromosome 9p21 in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in Finland: a genome-wide association study.
Genetic variation influences glutamate concentrations in brains of patients with multiple sclerosis.
Many sequence variants affecting diversity of adult human height.
Common variants at ABCA7, MS4A6A/MS4A4E, EPHA1, CD33 and CD2AP are associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide study links MTMR7 gene to variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob risk.
Molecular genetics of adult ADHD: converging evidence from genome-wide association and extended pedigree linkage studies.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility variants for type 2 diabetes in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study implicates chromosome 9q21.31 as a susceptibility locus for asthma in mexican children.
Genome-wide significant locus of beta-trace protein, a novel kidney function biomarker, identified in European and African Americans.
Longitudinal genome-wide association of cardiovascular disease risk factors in the Bogalusa heart study.
Genetic variants associated with cardiac structure and function: a meta-analysis and replication of genome-wide association data.
Genome-wide association study of follicular lymphoma identifies a risk locus at 6p21.32.
Genetic variants at 6p21.33 are associated with susceptibility to follicular lymphoma.
A genome-wide association study of nasopharyngeal carcinoma identifies three new susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide meta-analyses identify three loci associated with primary biliary cirrhosis.
Genetic variants associated with breast cancer risk for Ashkenazi Jewish women with strong family histories but no identifiable BRCA1/2 mutation.
A genome-wide association study identifies GLT6D1 as a susceptibility locus for periodontitis.
Linkage and genome-wide association analysis of obesity-related phenotypes: association of weight with the MGAT1 gene.
Association between chromosome 9p21 variants and the ankle-brachial index identified by a meta-analysis of 21 genome-wide association studies.
Common genetic variation near the phospholamban gene is associated with cardiac repolarisation: meta-analysis of three genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study of electrocardiographic conduction measures in an isolated founder population: Kosrae.
Genome-wide association identifies the ABO blood group as a major locus associated with serum levels of soluble E-selectin.
IL21R and PTH may underlie variation of femoral neck bone mineral density as revealed by a genome-wide association study.
Genetic variants and risk of lung cancer in never smokers: a genome-wide association study.
SLC2A9 influences uric acid concentrations with pronounced sex-specific effects.
Genome-wide association study for vitiligo identifies susceptibility loci at 6q27 and the MHC.
Genome-wide association study identifies two susceptibility loci for osteosarcoma.
A genome-wide association analysis identified a novel susceptible locus for pathological myopia at 11q24.1.
Phosphodiesterase 8B gene variants are associated with serum TSH levels and thyroid function.
Newly identified genetic risk variants for celiac disease related to the immune response.
Genome-wide meta-analysis for severe diabetic retinopathy.
Multiple loci identified in a genome-wide association study of prostate cancer.
A genome-wide association study identifies a new ovarian cancer susceptibility locus on 9p22.2.
Genome-wide association study of serum selenium concentrations.
Genome-wide association study of advanced age-related macular degeneration identifies a role of the hepatic lipase gene (LIPC).
Sequence variant on 8q24 confers susceptibility to urinary bladder cancer.
A meta-analysis of four genome-wide association studies of survival to age 90 years or older: the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology Consortium.
SLC2A9 is a newly identified urate transporter influencing serum urate concentration, urate excretion and gout.
Large-scale association analysis identifies 13 new susceptibility loci for coronary artery disease.
An integration of genome-wide association study and gene expression profiling to prioritize the discovery of novel susceptibility Loci for osteoporosis-related traits.
Case-case genome-wide association analysis shows markers differentially associated with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder and implicates calcium channel genes.
Genome-wide association analyses identifies a susceptibility locus for tuberculosis on chromosome 18q11.2.
A genome-wide association study in Europeans and South Asians identifies five new loci for coronary artery disease.
Genome-wide association study to identify single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with the development of erectile dysfunction in African-American men after radiotherapy for prostate cancer.
Whole genome association scan for genetic polymorphisms influencing information processing speed.
Genome-wide association study of vitamin B6, vitamin B12, folate, and homocysteine blood concentrations.
A genome-wide association study of attempted suicide.
Identification of genomic predictors of atrioventricular conduction: using electronic medical records as a tool for genome science.
Genome-wide association study for adiponectin levels in Filipino women identifies CDH13 and a novel uncommon haplotype at KNG1-ADIPOQ.
Association of glycosylated hemoglobin with the gene encoding CDKAL1 in the Korean Association Resource (KARE) study.
Genome-wide association study of survival in non-small cell lung cancer patients receiving platinum-based chemotherapy.
Genome-wide joint meta-analysis of SNP and SNP-by-smoking interaction identifies novel loci for pulmonary function.
Genome-wide SNP and CNV analysis identifies common and low-frequency variants associated with severe early-onset obesity.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis for total serum bilirubin levels.
Novel association of HK1 with glycated hemoglobin in a non-diabetic population: a genome-wide evaluation of 14,618 participants in the Women's Genome Health Study.
Genome-wide association study of biochemical traits in Korcula Island, Croatia.
Genome-wide association study of major recurrent depression in the U.K. population.
Genome-wide association study implicates a chromosome 12 risk locus for late-onset Alzheimer disease.
Genome-wide association analysis of body mass in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Common variants at 30 loci contribute to polygenic dyslipidemia.
Genome-wide association studies of serum magnesium, potassium, and sodium concentrations identify six Loci influencing serum magnesium levels.
Genome-wide association study identifies two loci strongly affecting transferrin glycosylation.
Genome-wide association study of theta band event-related oscillations identifies serotonin receptor gene HTR7 influencing risk of alcohol dependence.
Genome-wide association study of severity in multiple sclerosis.
Meta-analysis of three genome-wide association studies identifies susceptibility loci for colorectal cancer at 1q41, 3q26.2, 12q13.13 and 20q13.33.
Common human genetic variants and HIV-1 susceptibility: a genome-wide survey in a homogeneous African population.
Association between ORMDL3, IL1RL1 and a deletion on chromosome 17q21 with asthma risk in Australia.
Genome-wide meta-analysis increases to 71 the number of confirmed Crohn's disease susceptibility loci.
Evidence for gene-environment interaction in a genome wide study of nonsyndromic cleft palate.
A genome-wide association study identifies two risk loci for congenital heart malformations in Han Chinese populations.
Three new single nucleotide polymorphisms identified by a genome-wide association study in Korean patients with vitiligo.
GWAS for discovery and replication of genetic loci associated with sudden cardiac arrest in patients with coronary artery disease.
Genetic predictors of medically refractory ulcerative colitis.
Framingham Heart Study genome-wide association: results for pulmonary function measures.
A variant associated with nicotine dependence, lung cancer and peripheral arterial disease.
The major genetic determinants of HIV-1 control affect HLA class I peptide presentation.
Identification of ten loci associated with height highlights new biological pathways in human growth.
A genome-wide association study of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis identifies new disease loci.
Meta-analyses of genome-wide association studies identify multiple loci associated with pulmonary function.
New sequence variants associated with bone mineral density.
Genome-wide pleiotropy of osteoporosis-related phenotypes: the Framingham Study.
A susceptibility locus for lung cancer maps to nicotinic acetylcholine receptor subunit genes on 15q25.
Genome-wide association study identifies loci at ATF7IP and KLK2 associated with percentage of circulating free PSA.
Genome-wide association study identifies five susceptibility loci for glioma.
Large-scale genomic studies reveal central role of ABO in sP-selectin and sICAM-1 levels.
A genome wide association study of plasma uric acid levels in obese cases and never-overweight controls.
A genome-wide association study for late-onset Alzheimer's disease using DNA pooling.
Genome-wide association study identifies 12 new susceptibility loci for primary biliary cirrhosis.
A genome-wide association study identifies three new susceptibility loci for ulcerative colitis in the Japanese population.
Hypertrophy-associated polymorphisms ascertained in a founder cohort applied to heart failure risk and mortality.
Gene variants associated with schizophrenia in a Norwegian genome-wide study are replicated in a large European cohort.
Genome-wide association scan meta-analysis identifies three Loci influencing adiposity and fat distribution.
A risk allele for focal segmental glomerulosclerosis in African Americans is located within a region containing APOL1 and MYH9.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at 9p21 and 22q13 associated with development of cutaneous nevi.
Genetic variation in PCDH11X is associated with susceptibility to late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Sequence variants in the autophagy gene IRGM and multiple other replicating loci contribute to Crohn's disease susceptibility.
Follow-up analysis of genome-wide association data identifies novel loci for type 1 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at CLU and PICALM associated with Alzheimer's disease.
A null mutation in human APOC3 confers a favorable plasma lipid profile and apparent cardioprotection.
Replication of genome-wide association signals in UK samples reveals risk loci for type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study identifies three loci associated with melanoma risk.
Genome-wide scan identifies CDH13 as a novel susceptibility locus contributing to blood pressure determination in two European populations.
Common sequence variants on 20q11.22 confer melanoma susceptibility.
Association of IFIH1 and other autoimmunity risk alleles with selective IgA deficiency.
Powerful bivariate genome-wide association analyses suggest the SOX6 gene influencing both obesity and osteoporosis phenotypes in males.
Association of a common nonsynonymous variant in GLUT9 with serum uric acid levels in old order amish.
A genome-wide association study of northwestern Europeans involves the C-type natriuretic peptide signaling pathway in the etiology of human height variation.
A genome-wide association study identifies two loci associated with heart failure due to dilated cardiomyopathy.
Genome-wide association study of restless legs syndrome identifies common variants in three genomic regions.
GAB2 alleles modify Alzheimer's risk in APOE epsilon4 carriers.
COL4A1 is associated with arterial stiffness by genome-wide association scan.
Confirmation of multiple risk Loci and genetic impacts by a genome-wide association study of type 2 diabetes in the Japanese population.
A sequence variant at 4p16.3 confers susceptibility to urinary bladder cancer.
Radiation pharmacogenomics: a genome-wide association approach to identify radiation response biomarkers using human lymphoblastoid cell lines.
Genome-wide association study of tanning phenotype in a population of European ancestry.
A pilot genome-wide association study of early-onset breast cancer.
Seven new loci associated with age-related macular degeneration.
Genome-wide association study and gene expression analysis identifies CD84 as a predictor of response to etanercept therapy in rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-wide haplotype association study identifies the FRMD4A gene as a risk locus for Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study of multiple sclerosis confirms a novel locus at 5p13.1.
Novel genetic variants associated with lumbar disc degeneration in northern Europeans: a meta-analysis of 4600 subjects.
A genome-wide association study identifies a gene network of ADAMTS genes in the predisposition to pediatric stroke.
A genome-wide association study identifies a genetic variant in the SIAH2 locus associated with hormonal receptor-positive breast cancer in Japanese.
HbA2 levels in normal adults are influenced by two distinct genetic mechanisms.
Genome-wide association study identifies germline polymorphisms associated with relapse of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genome-wide association studies identify several new loci associated with pigmentation traits and skin cancer risk in European Americans.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies regions on 7p21 (AHR) and 15q24 (CYP1A2) as determinants of habitual caffeine consumption.
A genome-wide association study of total bilirubin and cholelithiasis risk in sickle cell anemia.
Genome-wide association study pinpoints a new functional apolipoprotein B variant influencing oxidized low-density lipoprotein levels but not cardiovascular events: AtheroRemo Consortium.
Genome-wide association study in BRCA1 mutation carriers identifies novel loci associated with breast and ovarian cancer risk.
A genome-wide search for common SNP x SNP interactions on the risk of venous thrombosis.
Genome-wide association study of prostate cancer in men of African ancestry identifies a susceptibility locus at 17q21.
Common variants at 12q24 are associated with drinking behavior in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study of periodontal pathogen colonization.
Genome-wide association study of coronary artery disease in the Japanese.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for dengue shock syndrome at MICB and PLCE1.
Genome-wide and gene-centric analyses of circulating myeloperoxidase levels in the charge and care consortia.
Genome-wide association study identifies loci influencing concentrations of liver enzymes in plasma.
Genome-wide association study of circulating estradiol, testosterone, and sex hormone-binding globulin in postmenopausal women.
Common variants in CDKN2B-AS1 associated with optic-nerve vulnerability of glaucoma identified by genome-wide association studies in Japanese.
Genome-wide association study identifies TNFSF15 and POU2AF1 as susceptibility loci for primary biliary cirrhosis in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in the MHC class I, IL10, and IL23R-IL12RB2 regions associated with Behçet's disease.
Genome-wide meta-analysis points to CTC1 and ZNF676 as genes regulating telomere homeostasis in humans.
Genome-wide association study of HLA-DQB1*06:02 negative essential hypersomnia.
Identification of nine novel loci associated with white blood cell subtypes in a Japanese population.
Common variants on 8p12 and 1q24.2 confer risk of schizophrenia.
A genome-wide association study confirms APOE as the major gene influencing survival in long-lived individuals.
Meta-analysis identifies six new susceptibility loci for atrial fibrillation.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies new susceptibility loci for Behçet's disease and epistasis between HLA-B*51 and ERAP1.
Complement receptor 1 gene variants are associated with erythrocyte sedimentation rate.
Large-scale genome-wide association study of Asian population reveals genetic factors in FRMD4A and other loci influencing smoking initiation and nicotine dependence.
Genome-wide association of bipolar disorder suggests an enrichment of replicable associations in regions near genes.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci associated with concentrations of four plasma phospholipid fatty acids in the de novo lipogenesis pathway: results from the Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genomic Epidemiology (CHARGE) consortium.
Exploring the genetic basis of chronic periodontitis: a genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of venous thromboembolism identifies risk variants in chromosomes 1q24.2 and 9q.
Drug-gene interactions and the search for missing heritability: a cross-sectional pharmacogenomics study of the QT interval.
A meta-analysis and genome-wide association study of platelet count and mean platelet volume in african americans.
Functional variants in NFKBIE and RTKN2 involved in activation of the NF-κB pathway are associated with rheumatoid arthritis in Japanese.
PKNOX2 is associated with formal thought disorder in schizophrenia: a meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
Aspirin hydrolysis in plasma is a variable function of butyrylcholinesterase and platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase 1b2 (PAFAH1b2).
Genetic variants in STAT4 and HLA-DQ genes confer risk of hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma.
Web-based genome-wide association study identifies two novel loci and a substantial genetic component for Parkinson's disease.
Common variants at 12q15 and 12q24 are associated with infant head circumference.
A variant in FTO shows association with melanoma risk not due to BMI.
Genome-wide association study identifies eight new susceptibility loci for atopic dermatitis in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association scan of dental caries in the permanent dentition.
Genome-wide scan of healthy human connectome discovers SPON1 gene variant influencing dementia severity.
Genome-wide association study of inattention and hyperactivity-impulsivity measured as quantitative traits.
Genome-wide association study of Alzheimer's disease with psychotic symptoms.
A novel locus for body mass index on 5p15.2: a meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies.
A unique genome-wide association analysis in extended Utah high-risk pedigrees identifies a novel melanoma risk variant on chromosome arm 10q.
Genetic variation near IRS1 associates with reduced adiposity and an impaired metabolic profile.
Genome-wide association studies of asthma in population-based cohorts confirm known and suggested loci and identify an additional association near HLA.
A meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies identifies 3 new loci for alcohol dependence.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 18 new loci associated with serum urate concentrations.
The genetic aetiology of cannabis use initiation: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies and a SNP-based heritability estimation.
WNT16 influences bone mineral density, cortical bone thickness, bone strength, and osteoporotic fracture risk.
Genome-wide association study in a Chinese population with diabetic retinopathy.
Genome-wide gene-environment interaction analysis for asbestos exposure in lung cancer susceptibility.
Genome-wide scan identifies variant in TNFSF13 associated with serum IgM in a healthy Chinese male population.
A genome-wide scan for common alleles affecting risk for autism.
A genome-wide association study identifies a breast cancer risk variant in ERBB4 at 2q34: results from the Seoul Breast Cancer Study.
Identification of Genetic Susceptibility Loci for Colorectal Tumors in a Genome-Wide Meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study identifies two new lung cancer susceptibility loci at 13q12.12 and 22q12.2 in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study identifies nidogen 1 (NID1) as a susceptibility locus to cutaneous nevi and melanoma risk.
NKAIN1-SERINC2 is a functional, replicable and genome-wide significant risk gene region specific for alcohol dependence in subjects of European descent.
Genome-wide association studies identify four ER negative-specific breast cancer risk loci.
Genetic risk factors for ischaemic stroke and its subtypes (the METASTROKE collaboration): a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study of d-amphetamine response in healthy volunteers identifies putative associations, including cadherin 13 (CDH13).
Genome-wide association study of dermatomyositis reveals genetic overlap with other autoimmune disorders.
A genome-wide association analysis implicates SOX6 as a candidate gene for wrist bone mass.
Heritability and genome-wide association study to assess genetic differences between advanced age-related macular degeneration subtypes.
Association between a genetic variant related to glutamic acid metabolism and coronary heart disease in individuals with type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of pre-eclampsia detects novel maternal single nucleotide polymorphisms and copy-number variants in subsets of the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study cohort.
A genome-wide association study in progressive multiple sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study of SSRI/SNRI-induced sexual dysfunction in a Japanese cohort with major depression.
A genome-wide association study identifies four genetic markers for hematological toxicities in cancer patients receiving gemcitabine therapy.
Genome-wide association for abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose reveals a novel locus for visceral fat in women.
A genome-wide association study of female sexual dysfunction.
Genome-wide association analyses of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in Chinese identify multiple susceptibility loci and gene-environment interactions.
TSPYL5 SNPs: association with plasma estradiol concentrations and aromatase expression.
Common variants at 12q14 and 12q24 are associated with hippocampal volume.
Genome-wide association study of chemotherapeutic agent-induced severe neutropenia/leucopenia for patients in Biobank Japan.
Exploring genome-wide - dietary heme iron intake interactions and the risk of type 2 diabetes.
Identification of novel germline polymorphisms governing capecitabine sensitivity.
Genome-wide association study of lung function decline in adults with and without asthma.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide scans for total body BMD in children and adults reveals allelic heterogeneity and age-specific effects at the WNT16 locus.
Common variants on chromosome 9p21 are associated with normal tension glaucoma.
Genome-wide association study of smoking behaviours in patients with COPD.
Genome-wide association study on differentiated thyroid cancer.
Genome-wide association study of anthropometric traits and evidence of interactions with age and study year in Filipino women.
Genetic association of short sleep duration with hypertension incidence--a 6-year follow-up in the Korean genome and epidemiology study.
Genome-wide association study of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome and Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis in Europe.
Genetic variations at loci involved in the immune response are risk factors for hepatocellular carcinoma.
A genome-wide association study confirms previously reported loci for type 2 diabetes in Han Chinese.
Integrative genomics identifies LMO1 as a neuroblastoma oncogene.
Genome-wide association analysis in primary sclerosing cholangitis identifies two non-HLA susceptibility loci.
Genetic variation associated with circulating monocyte count in the eMERGE Network.
A genome-wide association study identifies SNP in DCC is associated with gallbladder cancer in the Japanese population.
The molecular genetic architecture of self-employment.
Genome-wide association study identifies HLA-A*3101 allele as a genetic risk factor for carbamazepine-induced cutaneous adverse drug reactions in Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study of spontaneous resolution of hepatitis C virus infection: data from multiple cohorts.
Genome-wide interrogation identifies YAP1 variants associated with survival of small-cell lung cancer patients.
Genome-wide association studies reveal genetic variants in CTNND2 for high myopia in Singapore Chinese.
Meta-analysis of Parkinson's disease: identification of a novel locus, RIT2.
Genome-wide association study of retinopathy in individuals without diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of renal cell carcinoma identifies two susceptibility loci on 2p21 and 11q13.3.
Genetic variants associated with glycine metabolism and their role in insulin sensitivity and type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of the rate of cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease.
Meta-analysis identifies nine new loci associated with rheumatoid arthritis in the Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study identifies two new susceptibility loci for lung adenocarcinoma in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci association with fasting insulin and insulin resistance in African Americans.
Genome-wide association and linkage identify modifier loci of lung disease severity in cystic fibrosis at 11p13 and 20q13.2.
A genome-wide association study of metabolic traits in human urine.
Genome wide association study of age at menarche in the Japanese population.
A genetic variant near the PMAIP1/Noxa gene is associated with increased bleomycin sensitivity.
A meta-analysis of thyroid-related traits reveals novel loci and gender-specific differences in the regulation of thyroid function.
Genome-wide association analysis of gender differences in major depressive disorder in the Netherlands NESDA and NTR population-based samples.
Six novel susceptibility Loci for early-onset androgenetic alopecia and their unexpected association with common diseases.
Assessment of genetic determinants of the association of γ' fibrinogen in relation to cardiovascular disease.
Genome-wide scan revealed that polymorphisms in the PNPLA3, SAMM50, and PARVB genes are associated with development and progression of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease in Japan.
Genome wide association study for plasma levels of natural anticoagulant inhibitors and protein C anticoagulant pathway: the MARTHA project.
HLA-A*3101 and carbamazepine-induced hypersensitivity reactions in Europeans.
Genome-wide association study reveals three susceptibility loci for common migraine in the general population.
A genome-wide association study of plasma total IgE concentrations in the Framingham Heart Study.
Genome-wide association study of aspirin-exacerbated respiratory disease in a Korean population.
Genetic variants at 13q12.12 are associated with high myopia in the Han Chinese population.
A genome-wide association study for serum bilirubin levels and gene-environment interaction in a Chinese population.
Pharmacogenomics in Alzheimer's disease: a genome-wide association study of response to cholinesterase inhibitors.
Genetic variants in GPR126 are associated with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Association study on long-living individuals from Southern Italy identifies rs10491334 in the CAMKIV gene that regulates survival proteins.
Two-marker association tests yield new disease associations for coronary artery disease and hypertension.
Variants in FAM13A are associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genetic associations with C-reactive protein level and white blood cell count in the KARE study.
Genome-wide association study of white blood cell count in 16,388 African Americans: the continental origins and genetic epidemiology network (COGENT).
Novel genetic loci identified for the pathophysiology of childhood obesity in the Hispanic population.
Genome-wide association study of age at menarche in African-American women.
Genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies three novel loci for human height.
Genome-wide association study of a quantitative disordered gambling trait.
Pharmacogenomic study of side-effects for antidepressant treatment options in STAR*D.
Prognostic implications of genetic variants in advanced non-small cell lung cancer: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study of epirubicin-induced leukopenia in Japanese patients.
Genome-wide association study of co-occurring anxiety in major depression.
Genome-wide association study of susceptibility loci for cervical cancer.
Identification of seven loci affecting mean telomere length and their association with disease.
Genome-wide association study (GWAS) for molar-incisor hypomineralization (MIH).
Meta-analysis of 74,046 individuals identifies 11 new susceptibility loci for Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies three new susceptibility loci for esophageal squamous-cell carcinoma in Chinese populations.
Identification of regions associated with variation in sensitivity to food-related odors in the human genome.
Bivariate genome-wide association study suggests that the DARC gene influences lean body mass and age at menarche.
A genome-wide association study of early menopause and the combined impact of identified variants.
A genome-wide integrative genomic study localizes genetic factors influencing antibodies against Epstein-Barr virus nuclear antigen 1 (EBNA-1).
Common variants at 6q22 and 17q21 are associated with intracranial volume.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies 56 bone mineral density loci and reveals 14 loci associated with risk of fracture.
A mega-analysis of genome-wide association studies for major depressive disorder.
Genome-wide association study of body height in African Americans: the Women's Health Initiative SNP Health Association Resource (SHARe).
Large-scale genotyping identifies 41 new loci associated with breast cancer risk.
New susceptibility loci associated with kidney disease in type 1 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of chronic periodontitis in a general German population.
A genome-wide scan for common variants affecting the rate of age-related cognitive decline.
Novel loci associated with PR interval in a genome-wide association study of 10 African American cohorts.
Novel susceptibility variants at 10p12.31-12.2 for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia in ethnically diverse populations.
Association of genetic markers with CSF oligoclonal bands in multiple sclerosis patients.
Genome-wide association study identifies eight new risk loci for polycystic ovary syndrome.
Genome-wide association study implicates HLA-C*01:02 as a risk factor at the major histocompatibility complex locus in schizophrenia.
Common genetic variation at the IL1RL1 locus regulates IL-33/ST2 signaling.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants in SLC39A6 associated with length of survival in esophageal squamous-cell carcinoma.
A genome-wide association study reveals ARL15, a novel non-HLA susceptibility gene for rheumatoid arthritis in North Indians.
Bivariate genome-wide association study suggests fatty acid desaturase genes and cadherin DCHS2 for variation of both compressive strength index and appendicular lean mass in males.
Genome-wide association analysis implicates the involvement of eight loci with response to tocilizumab for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
A genome-wide association study for venous thromboembolism: the extended cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology (CHARGE) consortium.
Genome-wide search for replicable risk gene regions in alcohol and nicotine co-dependence.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for serum total IgE in diverse study populations.
Genome- and phenome-wide analyses of cardiac conduction identifies markers of arrhythmia risk.
Genomewide association analysis followed by a replication study implicates a novel candidate gene for neuroticism.
A genome-wide association scan (GWAS) for mean telomere length within the COGS project: identified loci show little association with hormone-related cancer risk.
Genome-wide association study identifies three new melanoma susceptibility loci.
Identification of common variants associated with human hippocampal and intracranial volumes.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic loci associated with body mass index and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol levels during psychopharmacological treatment - a cross-sectional naturalistic study.
Sequence variants in IL10, ARPC2 and multiple other loci contribute to ulcerative colitis susceptibility.
Association between single nucleotide polymorphism-genotype and outcome of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia in a randomized chemotherapy trial.
UGT1A1 is a major locus influencing bilirubin levels in African Americans.
Genome-wide association analysis in asthma subjects identifies SPATS2L as a novel bronchodilator response gene.
Genome-wide association analysis of soluble ICAM-1 concentration reveals novel associations at the NFKBIK, PNPLA3, RELA, and SH2B3 loci.
Meta-analysis of two genome-wide association studies identifies four genetic loci associated with thyroid function.
A weighted false discovery rate control procedure reveals alleles at FOXA2 that influence fasting glucose levels.
Confirmation of ALDH2 as a Major locus of drinking behavior and of its variants regulating multiple metabolic phenotypes in a Japanese population.
Risk for myasthenia gravis maps to a (151) Pro→Ala change in TNIP1 and to human leukocyte antigen-B*08.
Common genetic variants and modification of penetrance of BRCA2-associated breast cancer.
C-reactive protein (CRP) promoter polymorphisms influence circulating CRP levels in a genome-wide association study of African Americans.
Interleukin 28B polymorphisms are the only common genetic variants associated with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) in genotype-1 chronic hepatitis C and determine the association between LDL-C and treatment response.
Genome-wide association analyses in Han Chinese identify two new susceptibility loci for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
PCSK6 is associated with handedness in individuals with dyslexia.
Melanesian blond hair is caused by an amino acid change in TYRP1.
Association of intronic sequence variant in the gene encoding spleen tyrosine kinase with susceptibility to vascular dementia.
Genome-wide association study to identify genetic determinants of severe asthma.
Common variants at 9p21 and 8q22 are associated with increased susceptibility to optic nerve degeneration in glaucoma.
Common genetic determinants of intraocular pressure and primary open-angle glaucoma.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals putative Alzheimer's disease susceptibility loci in addition to APOE.
Multiple newly identified loci associated with prostate cancer susceptibility.
Novel Crohn disease locus identified by genome-wide association maps to a gene desert on 5p13.1 and modulates expression of PTGER4.
Genome-wide association study of treatment refractory schizophrenia in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association analysis of autoantibody positivity in type 1 diabetes cases.
Genomic association analysis identifies multiple loci influencing antihypertensive response to an angiotensin II receptor blocker.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for open angle glaucoma at TMCO1 and CDKN2B-AS1.
Genome-wide association identifies SKIV2L and MYRIP as protective factors for age-related macular degeneration.
Genome-wide association study confirming association of HLA-DP with protection against chronic hepatitis B and viral clearance in Japanese and Korean.
The FOXE1 locus is a major genetic determinant for radiation-related thyroid carcinoma in Chernobyl.
A genome-wide association study of recipient genotype and medium-term kidney allograft function.
Genome-wide screen identifies rs646776 near sortilin as a regulator of progranulin levels in human plasma.
Oligoclonal band status in Scandinavian multiple sclerosis patients is associated with specific genetic risk alleles.
The genetic architecture of economic and political preferences.
Genome-wide association study of antipsychotic-induced QTc interval prolongation.
A genome-wide association study identifies rs2000999 as a strong genetic determinant of circulating haptoglobin levels.
Identification of a novel percent mammographic density locus at 12q24.
Genome-wide association study identifies candidate genes for male fertility traits in humans.
A genome-wide search for genetic influences and biological pathways related to the brain's white matter integrity.
Identification of risk loci with shared effects on five major psychiatric disorders: a genome-wide analysis.
Loci affecting gamma-glutamyl transferase in adults and adolescents show age × SNP interaction and cardiometabolic disease associations.
Cerivastatin, genetic variants, and the risk of rhabdomyolysis.
Genome-wide association scan for survival on dialysis in African-Americans with type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study for C-reactive protein levels identified pleiotropic associations in the IL6 locus.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide studies identifies MEF2C SNPs associated with bone mineral density at forearm.
Possible association of CUX1 gene polymorphisms with antidepressant response in major depressive disorder.
A genome-wide association search for type 2 diabetes genes in African Americans.
Genome-wide association analysis accounting for environmental factors through propensity-score matching: application to stressful live events in major depressive disorder.
A genome-wide association study of overall survival in pancreatic cancer patients treated with gemcitabine in CALGB 80303.
Genetics of coronary artery calcification among African Americans, a meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for IgA nephropathy.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies new childhood  obesity loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel restless legs syndrome susceptibility loci on 2p14 and 16q12.1.
Human metabolic individuality in biomedical and pharmaceutical research.
Variants near FOXE1 are associated with hypothyroidism and other thyroid conditions: using electronic medical records for genome- and phenome-wide studies.
Genome-wide association study of the age of onset of childhood asthma.
A high-density genome-wide association screen of sporadic ALS in US veterans.
Genome-wide association study of antibody response to smallpox vaccine.
Genes linked to energy metabolism and immunoregulatory mechanisms are associated with subcutaneous adipose tissue distribution in HIV-infected men.
A genome-wide association study identifies a region at chromosome 12 as a potential susceptibility locus for restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Genome-wide scan identifies TNIP1, PSORS1C1, and RHOB as novel risk loci for systemic sclerosis.
A genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies multiple susceptibility loci for IgA nephropathy.
Genome-wide association study reveals multiple loci associated with primary tooth development during infancy.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of observational studies shows common genetic variants associated with macronutrient intake.
Genome-wide association study of neurocognitive impairment and dementia in HIV-infected adults.
Genome-wide screen for metabolic syndrome susceptibility Loci reveals strong lipid gene contribution but no evidence for common genetic basis for clustering of metabolic syndrome traits.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies susceptibility loci for migraine without aura.
Susceptibility to amoxicillin-clavulanate-induced liver injury is influenced by multiple HLA class I and II alleles.
European genome-wide association study identifies SLC14A1 as a new urinary bladder cancer susceptibility gene.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of nonsyndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate identify six new risk loci.
Eight genetic loci associated with variation in lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 mass and activity and coronary heart disease: meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from five community-based studies.
Genome-wide association and functional studies identify the DOT1L gene to be involved in cartilage thickness and hip osteoarthritis.
Common SNPs in HMGCR in micronesians and whites associated with LDL-cholesterol levels affect alternative splicing of exon13.
GWAS of follicular lymphoma reveals allelic heterogeneity at 6p21.32 and suggests shared genetic susceptibility with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.
Genome-wide study identifies PTPRO and WDR72 and FOXQ1-SUMO1P1 interaction associated with neurocognitive function.
Adiponectin concentrations: a genome-wide association study.
Association between common variants near the melanocortin 4 receptor gene and severe antipsychotic drug-induced weight gain.
Genome-wide analysis of polymorphisms associated with cytokine responses in smallpox vaccine recipients.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association scans identifies IL18RAP, PTPN2, TAGAP, and PUS10 as shared risk loci for Crohn's disease and celiac disease.
Genomic study in Mexicans identifies a new locus for triglycerides and refines European lipid loci.
A genome-wide metabolic QTL analysis in Europeans implicates two loci shaped by recent positive selection.
Genome-wide characterization of shared and distinct genetic components that influence blood lipid levels in ethnically diverse human populations.
Genome-wide association study of classical Hodgkin lymphoma and Epstein-Barr virus status-defined subgroups.
A genome-wide association study identifies two susceptibility loci for duodenal ulcer in the Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study of COPD identifies a susceptibility locus on chromosome 19q13.
Genome-wide association study of major depressive disorder: new results, meta-analysis, and lessons learned.
Identification of new susceptibility loci for osteoarthritis (arcOGEN): a genome-wide association study.
Bivariate genome-wide association analyses identified genes with pleiotropic effects for femoral neck bone geometry and age at menarche.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci associated with circulating phospho- and sphingolipid concentrations.
Common variation near CDKN1A, POLD3 and SHROOM2 influences colorectal cancer risk.
Genome-wide study of gene variants associated with differential cardiovascular event reduction by pravastatin therapy.
Examination of the current top candidate genes for AD in a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide meta-analyses of multiancestry cohorts identify multiple new susceptibility loci for refractive error and myopia.
Combined analysis of genome-wide association studies for Crohn disease and psoriasis identifies seven shared susceptibility loci.
Meta-analysis identifies common variants associated with body mass index in east Asians.
A genome-wide association study of chemotherapy-induced alopecia in breast cancer patients.
Genome-wide analysis of BMI in adolescents and young adults reveals additional insight into the effects of genetic loci over the life course.
Genome-wide association study identifies a sequence variant within the DAB2IP gene conferring susceptibility to abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Genetic variants associated with the white blood cell count in 13,923 subjects in the eMERGE Network.
Identification of evidence suggestive of an association with peripheral arterial disease at the OSBPL10 locus by genome-wide investigation in the Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study identified new variants associated with the risk of chronic hepatitis B.
Genetic association with lipids in Filipinos: waist circumference modifies an APOA5 effect on triglyceride levels.
Investigation of single nucleotide polymorphisms and biological pathways associated with response to TNFα inhibitors in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
A genome-wide association study with DNA pooling identifies the variant rs11866328 in the GRIN2A gene that affects disease progression of chronic HBV infection.
Genomic variation associated with mortality among adults of European and African ancestry with heart failure: the cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology consortium.
Genome-wide association study of B cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma identifies 3q27 as a susceptibility locus in the Chinese population.
Identification of a functional genetic variant at 16q12.1 for breast cancer risk: results from the Asia Breast Cancer Consortium.
Potential novel candidate polymorphisms identified in genome-wide association study for breast cancer susceptibility.
Identification of 23 new prostate cancer susceptibility loci using the iCOGS custom genotyping array.
Comprehensive research synopsis and systematic meta-analyses in Parkinson's disease genetics: The PDGene database.
Identification of a susceptibility locus for severe adolescent idiopathic scoliosis on chromosome 17q24.3.
Common variants at 11p13 are associated with susceptibility to tuberculosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies three new susceptibility loci for adult asthma in the Japanese population.
Candidate genes for non-diabetic ESRD in African Americans: a genome-wide association study using pooled DNA.
Genomic determinants of motor and cognitive outcomes in Parkinson's disease.
Genetic variants, plasma lipoprotein(a) levels, and risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality among two prospective cohorts of type 2 diabetes.
Sex-stratified genome-wide association studies including 270,000 individuals show sexual dimorphism in genetic loci for anthropometric traits.
Identification, replication, and fine-mapping of Loci associated with adult height in individuals of african ancestry.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis reveals transethnic replication of mean arterial and pulse pressure loci.
Genome-wide association of serum bilirubin levels in Korean population.
Genome-wide association analysis in primary sclerosing cholangitis and ulcerative colitis identifies risk loci at GPR35 and TCF4.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of psoriatic arthritis identifies susceptibility locus at REL.
Genome-wide association of single-nucleotide polymorphisms with weight loss outcomes after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery.
Host determinants of HIV-1 control in African Americans.
Combined analysis of three genome-wide association studies on vWF and FVIII plasma levels.
A genome-wide association study of the Protein C anticoagulant pathway.
Association of 8q22.3 locus in Chinese Han with idiopathic premature ovarian failure (POF).
Genome-wide association study identifies variations in 6p21.3 associated with nevirapine-induced rash.
A genome-wide scan of Ashkenazi Jewish Crohn's disease suggests novel susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association identifies three new susceptibility loci for Paget's disease of bone.
A regulatory variant in CCR6 is associated with rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study in east Asians identifies novel susceptibility loci for breast cancer.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility genetic variation for thyrotoxic hypokalemic periodic paralysis.
Genome-wide association study in German patients with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
A locus on 19p13 modifies risk of breast cancer in BRCA1 mutation carriers and is associated with hormone receptor-negative breast cancer in the general population.
Variants within the immunoregulatory CBLB gene are associated with multiple sclerosis.
The CCND1 c.870G>A polymorphism is a risk factor for t(11;14)(q13;q32) multiple myeloma.
Interaction between ERAP1 and HLA-B27 in ankylosing spondylitis implicates peptide handling in the mechanism for HLA-B27 in disease susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study in alopecia areata implicates both innate and adaptive immunity.
NCK2 is significantly associated with opiates addiction in African-origin men.
Genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for posttraumatic stress disorder.
Common variants near FRK/COL10A1 and VEGFA are associated with advanced age-related macular degeneration.
The nuclear transcription factor PKNOX2 is a candidate gene for substance dependence in European-origin women.
Genetics of callous-unemotional behavior in children.
Genetic variants associated with disordered eating.
Gene network analysis in a pediatric cohort identifies novel lung function genes.
Genome-wide association study identifies loci on 12q24 and 13q32 associated with tetralogy of Fallot.
Beyond single-marker analyses: mining whole genome scans for insights into treatment responses in severe sepsis.
Common genetic variation and performance on standardized cognitive tests.
Dissection of the genetics of Parkinson's disease identifies an additional association 5' of SNCA and multiple associated haplotypes at 17q21.
A genome-wide association study identifies two new risk loci for Graves' disease.
Discovery of common variants associated with low TSH levels and thyroid cancer risk.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel and functionally related susceptibility Loci for Kawasaki disease.
Genome-wide study of association and interaction with maternal cytomegalovirus infection suggests new schizophrenia loci.
Genome-wide association study of interferon-related cytopenia in chronic hepatitis C patients.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies 30 new susceptibility loci for schizophrenia.
Genetic analysis of quantitative traits in the Japanese population links cell types to complex human diseases.
A genome-wide investigation of food addiction.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Finds Genetic Associations with Broadly-Defined Headache in UK Biobank (N=223,773).
A combined large-scale meta-analysis identifies COG6 as a novel shared risk locus for rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus.
Item-level analyses reveal genetic heterogeneity in neuroticism.
A common variant near TGFBR3 is associated with primary open angle glaucoma.
Whole-exome SNP array identifies 15 new susceptibility loci for psoriasis.
Investigating the genetic architecture of dementia with Lewy bodies: a two-stage genome-wide association study.
Variants near CHRNA3/5 and APOE have age- and sex-related effects on human lifespan.
Whole-genome sequencing identifies EN1 as a determinant of bone density and fracture.
Elucidating the genetic architecture of reproductive ageing in the Japanese population.
Integration of Genome-Wide SNP Data and Gene-Expression Profiles Reveals Six Novel Loci and Regulatory Mechanisms for Amino Acids and Acylcarnitines in Whole Blood.
Non-additive genome-wide association scan reveals a new gene associated with habitual coffee consumption.
GWAS of the electrocardiographic QT interval in Hispanics/Latinos generalizes previously identified loci and identifies population-specific signals.
Genome-wide analysis of insomnia disorder.
Susceptibility to corticosteroid-induced adrenal suppression: a genome-wide association study.
Key HLA-DRB1-DQB1 haplotypes and role of the BTNL2 gene for response to a hepatitis B vaccine.
Contribution of Rare and Common Genetic Variants to Plasma Lipid Levels and Carotid Stiffness and Geometry: A Substudy of the Paris Prospective Study 3.
Genome-wide Association Study of Dimensional Psychopathology Using Electronic Health Records.
Genetic overlap between multiple sclerosis and several cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Susceptibility Genes Associated with Coronary Artery Aneurysm Formation in Kawasaki Disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies three novel susceptibility loci for systemic lupus erythematosus in Han Chinese.
Multiancestry genome-wide association study of 520,000 subjects identifies 32 loci associated with stroke and stroke subtypes.
Genetic architecture of age-related cognitive decline in African Americans.
Association of a Locus in the CAMTA1 Gene With Survival in Patients With Sporadic Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
Genome-wide association analysis of more than 120,000 individuals identifies 15 new susceptibility loci for breast cancer.
Physical and neurobehavioral determinants of reproductive onset and success.
Genome-wide association study identifies the GLDC/IL33 locus associated with survival of osteosarcoma patients.
Genome-wide association scan of neuropathic pain symptoms post total joint replacement highlights a variant in the protein-kinase C gene.
Genome-wide association study on the FEV1/FVC ratio in never-smokers identifies HHIP and FAM13A.
GWAS for male-pattern baldness identifies 71 susceptibility loci explaining 38% of the risk.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of Metabolites in Patients with CKD Identify Multiple Loci and Illuminate Tubular Transport Mechanisms.
An Analysis of Two Genome-wide Association Meta-analyses Identifies a New Locus for Broad Depression Phenotype.
Genome-wide association study with additional genetic and post-transcriptional analyses reveals novel regulators of plasma factor XI levels.
Evidence for genetic heterogeneity between clinical subtypes of bipolar disorder.
Genome-wide Association for Major Depression Through Age at Onset Stratification: Major Depressive Disorder Working Group of the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Five novel loci associated with antipsychotic treatment response in patients with schizophrenia: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide analyses of self-reported empathy: correlations with autism, schizophrenia, and anorexia nervosa.
Nuclear receptor and VEGF pathways for gene-blood lead interactions, on bone mineral density, in Korean smokers.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association study for atrial fibrillation.
Meta-analysis of up to 622,409 individuals identifies 40 novel smoking behaviour associated genetic loci.
PROX1 gene CC genotype as a major determinant of early onset of type 2 diabetes in slavic study participants from Action in Diabetes and Vascular Disease: Preterax and Diamicron MR Controlled Evaluation study.
GWAS Identifies New Loci for Painful Temporomandibular Disorder: Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies on the intolerance of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Erosive Tooth Wear in a Finnish Cohort.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies ZNF354C Variants Associated with Depression from Interferon-Based Therapy for Chronic Hepatitis C.
Genetic Factors of the Disease Course after Sepsis: A Genome-Wide Study for 28Day Mortality.
Genetic Polymorphisms in the Long Noncoding RNA MIR2052HG Offer a Pharmacogenomic Basis for the Response of Breast Cancer Patients to Aromatase Inhibitor Therapy.
Japanese genome-wide association study identifies a significant colorectal cancer susceptibility locus at chromosome 10p14.
Investigation of Genetic Variation Underlying Central Obesity amongst South Asians.
Discovery of Genetic Variation on Chromosome 5q22 Associated with Mortality in Heart Failure.
Polymorphic variation in TPMT is the principal determinant of TPMT phenotype: A meta-analysis of three genome-wide association studies.
Hierarchical investigation of genetic influences on response inhibition in healthy young adults.
Defining the genetic susceptibility to cervical neoplasia-A genome-wide association study.
Thirty loci identified for heart rate response to exercise and recovery implicate autonomic nervous system.
Cancer risk susceptibility loci in a Swedish population.
Analysis of immune-related loci identifies 48 new susceptibility variants for multiple sclerosis.
Genome-Wide Association Study Reveals Multiple Loci Influencing Normal Human Facial Morphology.
Genome-wide analysis of self-reported risk-taking behaviour and cross-disorder genetic correlations in the UK Biobank cohort.
Bipolar disorder with binge eating behavior: a genome-wide association study implicates PRR5-ARHGAP8.
Identification of Loci at 1q21 and 16q23 That Affect Susceptibility to Inflammatory Bowel Disease in Koreans.
Cerebral tryptophan metabolism and outcome of tuberculous meningitis: an observational cohort study.
Genome-wide association study identifies 14 novel risk alleles associated with basal cell carcinoma.
Genetic association analysis identifies variants associated with disease progression in primary sclerosing cholangitis.
Genome-wide association and expression quantitative trait loci studies identify multiple susceptibility loci for thyroid cancer.
A Genome-wide Association Study in Hispanics/Latinos Identifies Novel Signals for Lung Function. The Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Genome-wide association study of offspring birth weight in 86 577 women identifies five novel loci and highlights maternal genetic effects that are independent of fetal genetics.
High-density genetic mapping identifies new susceptibility loci for rheumatoid arthritis.
2SNP heritability and effects of genetic variants for neutrophil-to-lymphocyte and platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio.
Genome-wide meta-analysis in Japanese populations identifies novel variants at the TMC6-TMC8 and SIX3-SIX2 loci associated with HbA1c.
Genetic variation in CFH predicts phenytoin-induced maculopapular exanthema in European-descent patients.
Genome-wide gene-environment interaction analysis of pesticide exposure and risk of Parkinson's disease.
Genetic Variants Influencing Joint Damage in Mexican Americans and European Americans With Rheumatoid Arthritis.
Three new pancreatic cancer susceptibility signals identified on chromosomes 1q32.1, 5p15.33 and 8q24.21.
Genome-wide scan identifies candidate loci related to remifentanil requirements during laparoscopic-assisted colectomy.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis in Northern European populations replicate multiple colorectal cancer risk loci.
A genome wide association study suggests the association of muskelin with early onset bipolar disorder: Implications for a GABAergic epileptogenic neurogenesis model.
Whole-genome association study of antibody response to Epstein-Barr virus in an African population: a pilot.
A novel variant in GLIS3 is associated with osteoarthritis.
Genome-Wide Association Study Reveals Variants in CFH and CFHR4 Associated with Systemic Complement Activation: Implications in Age-Related Macular Degeneration.
A genome-wide association study identified a novel genetic loci STON1-GTF2A1L/LHCGR/FSHR for bilaterality of neovascular age-related macular degeneration.
A functional variant in MIR4300HG, the host gene of microRNA MIR4300 is associated with progression of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
Characterization of genetic loci that affect susceptibility to inflammatory bowel diseases in African Americans.
A multi-stage genome-wide association study of uterine fibroids in African Americans.
The polymorphism rs671 at ALDH2 associated with serum uric acid levels in Chinese Han males: A genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies 8p21.3 associated with persistent hepatitis B virus infection among Chinese.
A Genome-Wide Association Study to Identify Single-Nucleotide Polymorphisms for Acute Kidney Injury.
Genome-wide Association Studies of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder in 2 Cohorts of US Army Soldiers.
Leveraging genome characteristics to improve gene discovery for putamen subcortical brain structure.
Genome-wide analysis yields new loci associating with aortic valve stenosis.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Bladder Cancer in a Chinese Cohort Reveals a New Susceptibility Locus at 5q12.3.
Genome-wide association study (GWAS) of human host factors influencing viral severity of herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2).
Genome-Wide Association Study of Event-Free Survival in Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma Treated With Immunochemotherapy.
Risk of nontyphoidal Salmonella bacteraemia in African children is modified by STAT4.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D in US Women.
Exome-chip meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with cardiac conduction, including ADAMTS6.
An amino acid motif in HLA-DRβ1 distinguishes patients with uveitis in juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
Interactions Between Genetic Variants and Environmental Factors Affect Risk of Esophageal Adenocarcinoma and Barrett's Esophagus.
A coding variant in FTO confers susceptibility to thiopurine-induced leukopenia in East Asian patients with IBD.
Genome-Wide Association Study (GWAS) on Bilirubin Concentrations in Subjects with Metabolic Syndrome: Sex-Specific GWAS Analysis and Gene-Diet Interactions in a Mediterranean Population.
Genetic loci associated with nonobstructive coronary artery disease in Caucasian women.
Genome Wide Association Study Identifies the HMGCS2 Locus to be Associated With Chlorthalidone Induced Glucose Increase in Hypertensive Patients.
Bivariate genome-wide association analyses of the broad depression phenotype combined with major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder or schizophrenia reveal eight novel genetic loci for depression.
A Genome-Wide Search for Gene-Environment Effects in Isolated Cleft Lip with or without Cleft Palate Triads Points to an Interaction between Maternal Periconceptional Vitamin Use and Variants in ESRRG.
A genome-wide association study of IgM antibody against phosphorylcholine: shared genetics and phenotypic relation to chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A molecular pathway analysis informs the genetic risk for arrhythmias during antipsychotic treatment.
Untargeted metabolomics identifies trimethyllysine, a TMAO-producing nutrient precursor, as a predictor of incident cardiovascular disease risk.
Identification of new susceptibility loci for type 2 diabetes and shared etiological pathways with coronary heart disease.
High-Density Genetic Mapping Identifies New Susceptibility Variants in Sarcoidosis Phenotypes and Shows Genomic-driven Phenotypic Differences.
Genome-wide association study identifies inversion in the CTRB1-CTRB2 locus to modify risk for alcoholic and non-alcoholic chronic pancreatitis.
Life-Course Genome-wide Association Study Meta-analysis of Total Body BMD and Assessment of Age-Specific Effects.
Genome-wide association study in 79,366 European-ancestry individuals informs the genetic architecture of 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies five new susceptibility loci for pancreatic cancer.
GWAS on family history of Alzheimer's disease.
A GWAS in uveal melanoma identifies risk polymorphisms in the CLPTM1L locus.
Genome-wide association study of Hirschsprung disease detects a novel low-frequency variant at the RET locus.
Meta-analysis of three genome-wide association studies identifies two loci that predict survival and treatment outcome in breast cancer.
Genome-Wide Interaction Analyses between Genetic Variants and Alcohol Consumption and Smoking for Risk of Colorectal Cancer.
Two Genetic Variants Associated with Plantar Fascial Disorders.
A transcriptome-wide association study identifies PALMD as a susceptibility gene for calcific aortic valve stenosis.
Genome-wide analyses using UK Biobank data provide insights into the genetic architecture of osteoarthritis.
Genetic variants associated with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor-induced cough: a genome-wide association study in a Swedish population.
An endophenotype approach to the genetics of alcohol dependence: a genome wide association study of fast beta EEG in families of African ancestry.
NUDT15 codon 139 is the best pharmacogenetic marker for predicting thiopurine-induced severe adverse events in Japanese patients with inflammatory bowel disease: a multicenter study.
Genome-wide association study identifies a missense variant at APOA5 for coronary artery disease in Multi-Ethnic Cohorts from Southeast Asia.
Novel Genetic Variants for Cartilage Thickness and Hip Osteoarthritis.
Bone mineral density in children with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
A genome-wide association study identifies risk loci for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia at 10q26.13 and 12q23.1.
Trans-ancestry meta-analyses identify rare and common variants associated with blood pressure and hypertension.
Identification of Four Novel Loci in Asthma in European American and African American Populations.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association study identifies novel locus for type 2 diabetes susceptibility.
Effect of HLA-DRB1 alleles and genetic variants on the development of neutralizing antibodies to interferon beta in the BEYOND and BENEFIT trials.
A large-scale genetic analysis reveals a strong contribution of the HLA class II region to giant cell arteritis susceptibility.
Gene-level association analysis of systemic sclerosis: A comparison of African-Americans and White populations.
Meta-genome-wide association studies identify a locus on chromosome 1 and multiple variants in the MHC region for serum C-peptide in type 1 diabetes.
Genome-wide meta-analysis associates HLA-DQA1/DRB1 and LPA and lifestyle factors with human longevity.
Genetic variants in ADAMTS13 as well as smoking are major determinants of plasma ADAMTS13 levels.
GWAS links variants in neuronal development and actin remodeling related loci with pseudoexfoliation syndrome without glaucoma.
Ancestry-specific and sex-specific risk alleles identified in a genome-wide gene-by-alcohol dependence interaction study of risky sexual behaviors.
ABCG2 Polymorphism Is Associated with Hyperuricemia in a Study of a Community-Based Korean Cohort.
Common Genetic Variation Near Melatonin Receptor 1A Gene Linked to Job-Related Exhaustion in Shift Workers.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies a New Locus at 7q21.13 Associated with Hepatitis B Virus-Related Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
The low single nucleotide polymorphism heritability of plasma and saliva cortisol levels.
Genome-wide scans reveal variants at EDAR predominantly affecting hair straightness in Han Chinese and Uyghur populations.
No genetic association detected with mepolizumab efficacy in severe asthma.
Genetic Polymorphisms of PNPLA3 and SAMM50 Are Associated with Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in a Korean Population.
Mosaic loss of chromosome Y is associated with common variation near TCL1A.
Identification of novel risk loci for restless legs syndrome in genome-wide association studies in individuals of European ancestry: a meta-analysis.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for Hirschsprung disease.
Novel Susceptibility Loci for Moyamoya Disease Revealed by a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Discovery and refinement of genetic loci associated with cardiometabolic risk using dense imputation maps.
Gene-based association study for lipid traits in diverse cohorts implicates BACE1 and SIDT2 regulation in triglyceride levels.
A High-risk Haplotype for Premature Menopause in Childhood Cancer Survivors Exposed to Gonadotoxic Therapy.
A genome-wide association study of corneal astigmatism: The CREAM Consortium.
Genome-wide Study of Atrial Fibrillation Identifies Seven Risk Loci and Highlights Biological Pathways and Regulatory Elements Involved in Cardiac Development.
Biological function integrated prediction of severe radiographic progression in rheumatoid arthritis: a nested case control study.
Trans-ethnic kidney function association study reveals putative causal genes and effects on kidney-specific disease aetiologies.
Genomic analyses in african populations identify novel risk loci for cleft palate.
Genome-wide association studies identify PRKCB as a novel genetic susceptibility locus for primary biliary cholangitis in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study in Finnish twins highlights the connection between nicotine addiction and neurotrophin signaling pathway.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies common variants influencing infant brain volumes.
Novel Common Genetic Susceptibility Loci for Colorectal Cancer.
A genome wide association study of fast beta EEG in families of European ancestry.
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms are associated with cognitive decline at Alzheimer's disease conversion within mild cognitive impairment patients.
Identification of female-specific genetic variants for metabolic syndrome and its component traits to improve the prediction of metabolic syndrome in females.
Genome-wide analyses identify a role for SLC17A4 and AADAT in thyroid hormone regulation.
Genome-wide quantitative trait loci mapping of the human cerebrospinal fluid proteome.
17p12 Influences Hematoma Volume and Outcome in Spontaneous Intracerebral Hemorrhage.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Absolute QRS Voltage Identifies Common Variants of TBX3 as Genetic Determinants of Left Ventricular Mass in a Healthy Japanese Population.
Genomewide Approach Validates Thiopurine Methyltransferase Activity Is a Monogenic Pharmacogenomic Trait.
Molecular Genetic Analysis Subdivided by Adversity Exposure Suggests Etiologic Heterogeneity in Major Depression.
Pooling-Based Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Risk Loci in the Pathogenesis of Ovarian Endometrioma in Chinese Han Women.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Vertical Cup-Disc Ratio in a Latino Population.
Genome-Wide Study Links PNPLA3 Variant With Elevated Hepatic Transaminase After Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia Therapy.
Meta-analysis of Icelandic and UK data sets identifies missense variants in SMO, IL11, COL11A1 and 13 more new loci associated with osteoarthritis.
Defining the genetic control of human blood plasma N-glycome using genome-wide association study.
Combined analysis of keratinocyte cancers identifies novel genome-wide loci.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies new candidate risk loci for familial intracranial aneurysm in the French-Canadian population.
Surgical necrotizing enterocolitis in extremely premature neonates is associated with genetic variations in an intergenic region of chromosome eight.
Identification of novel genome-wide associations for suicidality in UK Biobank, genetic correlation with psychiatric disorders and polygenic association with completed suicide.
Genome-wide association study identifies RBFOX1 locus influencing brain glucose metabolism.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of self-reported allergy identifies shared and allergy-specific susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association scan for childhood caries implicates novel genes.
A genome-wide association study of the human metabolome in a community-based cohort.
Genetic variants near PDGFRA are associated with corneal curvature in Australians.
Common genetic variation in the 3'-BCL11B gene desert is associated with carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity and excess cardiovascular disease risk: the AortaGen Consortium.
Polygenic transmission and complex neuro developmental network for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: genome-wide association study of both common and rare variants.
Genome-wide association study of irritable vs. elated mania suggests genetic differences between clinical subtypes of bipolar disorder.
A genome-wide association study identifies a potential novel gene locus for keratoconus, one of the commonest causes for corneal transplantation in developed countries.
Genome-wide association study identifies three novel loci for type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association of body fat distribution in African ancestry populations suggests new loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with progression of liver fibrosis from HCV infection.
Genome-wide association study on bipolar disorder in the Bulgarian population.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies new susceptibility loci for migraine.
Genome-wide association study identifies FCGR2A as a susceptibility locus for Kawasaki disease.
Alzheimer disease pathology in cognitively healthy elderly: a genome-wide study.
A genome-wide association study and biological pathway analysis of epilepsy prognosis in a prospective cohort of newly treated epilepsy.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of breast cancer identifies two novel susceptibility loci at 6q14 and 20q11.
Common variants at CDKAL1 and KLF9 are associated with body mass index in east Asian populations.
Genome-wide association identifies multiple ulcerative colitis susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies variants associated with platinating agent susceptibility across populations.
A genome-wide association study for reading and language abilities in two population cohorts.
Novel associations of multiple genetic loci with plasma levels of factor VII, factor VIII, and von Willebrand factor: The CHARGE (Cohorts for Heart and Aging Research in Genome Epidemiology) Consortium.
New susceptibility loci in MYL2, C12orf51 and OAS1 associated with 1-h plasma glucose as predisposing risk factors for type 2 diabetes in the Korean population.
APOE and BCHE as modulators of cerebral amyloid deposition: a florbetapir PET genome-wide association study.
Association of common genetic variants in GPCPD1 with scaling of visual cortical surface area in humans.
Genome-wide association identifies OBFC1 as a locus involved in human leukocyte telomere biology.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Genome-wide association study of peripheral neuropathy with D-drug-containing regimens in AIDS Clinical Trials Group protocol 384.
Common variants at 5q22 associate with pediatric eosinophilic esophagitis.
Genome-wide association study for circulating levels of PAI-1 provides novel insights into its regulation.
Identification of cis- and trans-acting genetic variants explaining up to half the variation in circulating vascular endothelial growth factor levels.
Genomic predictors of combat stress vulnerability and resilience in U.S. Marines: A genome-wide association study across multiple ancestries implicates PRTFDC1 as a potential PTSD gene.
Genome-wide association study of type 2 diabetes in a sample from Mexico City and a meta-analysis of a Mexican-American sample from Starr County, Texas.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants at CSF1, OPTN and TNFRSF11A as genetic risk factors for Paget's disease of bone.
A genome-wide association study of survival in small-cell lung cancer patients treated with irinotecan plus cisplatin chemotherapy.
Adiposity-related heterogeneity in patterns of type 2 diabetes susceptibility observed in genome-wide association data.
Lumbar disc degeneration is linked to a carbohydrate sulfotransferase 3 variant.
Genome-wide association study of three-dimensional facial morphology identifies a variant in PAX3 associated with nasion position.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of circulating sex hormone-binding globulin reveals multiple Loci implicated in sex steroid hormone regulation.
Limited contribution of common genetic variants to risk for liver injury due to a variety of drugs.
Genetic variation in the vaspin gene affects circulating serum vaspin concentrations.
Mining the unknown: a systems approach to metabolite identification combining genetic and metabolic information.
Identification of a Hashimoto thyroiditis susceptibility locus via a genome-wide comparison with Graves' disease.
Heritability and molecular genetic basis of electrodermal activity: a genome-wide association study.
Genomewide association for schizophrenia in the CATIE study: results of stage 1.
Genetic determinants of heel bone properties: genome-wide association meta-analysis and replication in the GEFOS/GENOMOS consortium.
A genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies a susceptibility locus for primary Sjögren's syndrome at 7q11.23.
A genome-wide association study of cleft lip with and without cleft palate identifies risk variants near MAFB and ABCA4.
Joint analysis of three genome-wide association studies of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in Chinese populations.
Genome-wide association study of bipolar I disorder in the Han Chinese population.
Variants in MTNR1B influence fasting glucose levels.
Common variants in a novel gene, FONG on chromosome 2q33.1 confer risk of osteoporosis in Japanese.
Genetic associations with valvular calcification and aortic stenosis.
Genome-wide association study of degenerative bony changes of the temporomandibular joint.
Genome-wide analysis of genetic loci associated with Alzheimer disease.
A second independent locus within DMRT1 is associated with testicular germ cell tumor susceptibility.
Genome-wide scan of job-related exhaustion with three replication studies implicate a susceptibility variant at the UST gene locus.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel loci associated with susceptibility to chronic myeloid leukemia.
Genetic polymorphisms of the human PNPLA3 gene are strongly associated with severity of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in Japanese.
Interstitial lung disease in gefitinib-treated Japanese patients with non-small-cell lung cancer: genome-wide analysis of genetic data.
Association of variants in FRAP1 and PDGFRA with corneal curvature in Asian populations from Singapore.
A genome-wide association study for quantitative traits in schizophrenia in China.
Association of granulomatosis with polyangiitis (Wegener's) with HLA-DPB1*04 and SEMA6A gene variants: evidence from genome-wide analysis.
Common genetic variants associate with serum phosphorus concentration.
Genome-wide association study of relative telomere length.
Large-scale genome-wide association analysis of bipolar disorder identifies a new susceptibility locus near ODZ4.
Genome-wide analyses of borderline personality features.
Genome-wide association study identifies a new SMAD7 risk variant associated with colorectal cancer risk in East Asians.
Polymorphic markers associated with severe oxaliplatin-induced, chronic peripheral neuropathy in colon cancer patients.
Association of genome-wide variation with the risk of incident heart failure in adults of European and African ancestry: a prospective meta-analysis from the cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology (CHARGE) consortium.
A genome-wide association study of DSM-IV cannabis dependence.
Genome-wide association studies of cerebral white matter lesion burden: the CHARGE consortium.
HLA has strongest association with IgA nephropathy in genome-wide analysis.
Genome-wide association study of breast cancer in the Japanese population.
Association analyses identify three susceptibility Loci for vitiligo in the Chinese Han population.
Identification of germline susceptibility loci in ETV6-RUNX1-rearranged childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies new lung cancer susceptibility loci in never-smoking women in Asia.
Meta-analysis identifies four new loci associated with testicular germ cell tumor.
Genome-wide search for gene-gene interactions in colorectal cancer.
Common variants in KCNN3 are associated with lone atrial fibrillation.
Genome-wide association study identifies two new susceptibility loci for atopic dermatitis in the Chinese Han population.
Genome-wide association study identifies five new schizophrenia loci.
Genome-wide association analysis of red blood cell traits in African Americans: the COGENT Network.
Genome-wide association analysis of juvenile idiopathic arthritis identifies a new susceptibility locus at chromosomal region 3q13.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of systolic blood pressure in children with sickle cell disease.
A genome-wide association study identifies a locus on TERT for mean telomere length in Han Chinese.
Common genetic variants in the CLDN2 and PRSS1-PRSS2 loci alter risk for alcohol-related and sporadic pancreatitis.
A common variant at the TERT-CLPTM1L locus is associated with estrogen receptor-negative breast cancer.
Common variation at 2q22.3 (ZEB2) influences the risk of renal cancer.
A genome-wide association study of atopic dermatitis identifies loci with overlapping effects on asthma and psoriasis.
Genome-wide pharmacogenetics of antidepressant response in the GENDEP project.
Genome-wide association study of comorbid depressive syndrome and alcohol dependence.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of adult height in East Asians identifies 17 novel loci.
Genome-wide association of mood-incongruent psychotic bipolar disorder.
A genome-wide approach accounting for body mass index identifies genetic variants influencing fasting glycemic traits and insulin resistance.
Identification of independent risk loci for Graves' disease within the MHC in the Japanese population.
Genome-wide association study identifies HLA-DP as a susceptibility gene for pediatric asthma in Asian populations.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies 13 new risk loci for schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study of lung function phenotypes in a founder population.
A genome-wide association study of aging.
Hundreds of variants clustered in genomic loci and biological pathways affect human height.
New sequence variants in HLA class II/III region associated with susceptibility to knee osteoarthritis identified by genome-wide association study.
Genetic variants associated with warfarin dose in African-American individuals: a genome-wide association study.
Genetic determinants of statin-induced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction: the Justification for the Use of Statins in Prevention: an Intervention Trial Evaluating Rosuvastatin (JUPITER) trial.
Association study of common genetic variants and HIV-1 acquisition in 6,300 infected cases and 7,200 controls.
Common variation at 10p12.31 near MLLT10 influences meningioma risk.
Genome wide association study (GWAS) of Chagas cardiomyopathy in Trypanosoma cruzi seropositive subjects.
Genome-wide association identifies regulatory Loci associated with distinct local histogram emphysema patterns.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci predisposing to cutaneous melanoma.
Association analyses of 249,796 individuals reveal 18 new loci associated with body mass index.
A large scale multivariate parallel ICA method reveals novel imaging-genetic relationships for Alzheimer's disease in the ADNI cohort.
Novel rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility locus at 22q12 identified in an extended UK genome-wide association study.
A genome-wide association study of serum levels of prostate-specific antigen in the Japanese population.
DOCK4 and CEACAM21 as novel schizophrenia candidate genes in the Jewish population.
Genome-wide association study of short-acting β2-agonists. A novel genome-wide significant locus on chromosome 2 near ASB3.
A genome-wide association study for coronary artery disease identifies a novel susceptibility locus in the major histocompatibility complex.
Genome-wide association study identified new susceptibility loci for polycystic ovary syndrome.
Common 5p15.33 and 6p21.33 variants influence lung cancer risk.
Stratifying type 2 diabetes cases by BMI identifies genetic risk variants in LAMA1 and enrichment for risk variants in lean compared to obese cases.
A genome-wide association study of bronchodilator response in asthmatics.
Genome-wide association of pericardial fat identifies a unique locus for ectopic fat.
Novel associations for hypothyroidism include known autoimmune risk loci.
Pilot genome-wide association search identifies potential loci for risk of erectile dysfunction in type 1 diabetes using the DCCT/EDIC study cohort.
Loci related to metabolic-syndrome pathways including LEPR,HNF1A, IL6R, and GCKR associate with plasma C-reactive protein: the Women's Genome Health Study.
Susceptibility variants on chromosome 7p21.1 suggest HDAC9 as a new candidate gene for male-pattern baldness.
Genome-wide association study in a Lebanese cohort confirms PHACTR1 as a major determinant of coronary artery stenosis.
Common variants at the promoter region of the APOM confer a risk of rheumatoid arthritis.
A genome-wide association study of nephrolithiasis in the Japanese population identifies novel susceptible Loci at 5q35.3, 7p14.3, and 13q14.1.
Evidence for VAV2 and ZNF433 as susceptibility genes for multiple sclerosis.
Genomewide association study for determinants of HIV-1 acquisition and viral set point in HIV-1 serodiscordant couples with quantified virus exposure.
Chromosome 7p11.2 (EGFR) variation influences glioma risk.
Genome-wide association study of a heart failure related metabolomic profile among African Americans in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) study.
Genome-wide association study of the child behavior checklist dysregulation profile.
Genome-wide association study for serum urate concentrations and gout among African Americans identifies genomic risk loci and a novel URAT1 loss-of-function allele.
Genetic variants in novel pathways influence blood pressure and cardiovascular disease risk.
Genome-wide association study identifies new prostate cancer susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study for biomarker identification of Rapamycin and Everolimus using a lymphoblastoid cell line system.
Genome-wide association study identifies chromosome 10q24.32 variants associated with arsenic metabolism and toxicity phenotypes in Bangladesh.
Identification of novel genetic markers associated with clinical phenotypes of systemic sclerosis through a genome-wide association strategy.
GWAS meta-analysis and replication identifies three new susceptibility loci for ovarian cancer.
The genetics of antipsychotic induced tremors: a genome-wide pathway analysis on the STEP-BD SCP sample.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic variants in GOT1 determining serum aspartate aminotransferase levels.
Host-microbe interactions have shaped the genetic architecture of inflammatory bowel disease.
Genetic loci influencing kidney function and chronic kidney disease.
Association of HFE and TMPRSS6 genetic variants with iron and erythrocyte parameters is only in part dependent on serum hepcidin concentrations.
Identification of inherited genetic variations influencing prognosis in early-onset breast cancer.
A possible mechanism behind autoimmune disorders discovered by genome-wide linkage and association analysis in celiac disease.
Interrogation of the platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha locus and corneal astigmatism in Australians of Northern European ancestry: results of a genome-wide association study.
Novel gene variants predict serum levels of the cytokines IL-18 and IL-1ra in older adults.
Whole-genome-wide association study in the Bulgarian population reveals HHAT as schizophrenia susceptibility gene.
A genome-wide association study reveals association between common variants in an intergenic region of 4q25 and high-grade myopia in the Chinese Han population.
Shared genetic susceptibility to ischemic stroke and coronary artery disease: a genome-wide analysis of common variants.
A genome-wide association study of caffeine-related sleep disturbance: confirmation of a role for a common variant in the adenosine receptor.
Parkinson disease loci in the mid-western Amish.
Variations in the G6PC2/ABCB11 genomic region are associated with fasting glucose levels.
A variant in MCF2L is associated with osteoarthritis.
Genome-wide association analysis of age at onset in schizophrenia in a European-American sample.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for thyrotoxic periodic paralysis at 17q24.3.
Genome-wide association study of liver enzymes in korean children.
Fetal hemoglobin in sickle cell anemia: genome-wide association studies suggest a regulatory region in the 5' olfactory receptor gene cluster.
Mayo Genome Consortia: a genotype-phenotype resource for genome-wide association studies with an application to the analysis of circulating bilirubin levels.
A genome-wide association study for irinotecan-related severe toxicities in patients with advanced non-small-cell lung cancer.
Genome-wide contribution of genotype by environment interaction to variation of diabetes-related traits.
Genome-wide association of lipid-lowering response to statins in combined study populations.
Genome-wide association study of orthostatic hypotension and supine-standing blood pressure changes in two korean populations.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol dependence implicates KIAA0040 on chromosome 1q.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of six type 1 diabetes cohorts identifies multiple associated loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies breast cancer risk variant at 10q21.2: results from the Asia Breast Cancer Consortium.
Genome-wide association of BMI in African Americans.
Genome-wide association study of circulating retinol levels.
Genetic determinants of cardiovascular events among women with migraine: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association analysis of eating disorder-related symptoms, behaviors, and personality traits.
Genome-wide association study of N370S homozygous Gaucher disease reveals the candidacy of CLN8 gene as a genetic modifier contributing to extreme phenotypic variation.
A genome-wide linkage and association scan reveals novel loci for hypertension and blood pressure traits.
Combinations of newly confirmed Glioma-Associated loci link regions on chromosomes 1 and 9 to increased disease risk.
A genome-wide association study of Cloninger's temperament scales: implications for the evolutionary genetics of personality.
Genetics of venous thrombosis: insights from a new genome wide association study.
DPP6 as a candidate gene for neuroleptic-induced tardive dyskinesia.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies eight new loci for type 2 diabetes in east Asians.
Rank-based genome-wide analysis reveals the association of ryanodine receptor-2 gene variants with childhood asthma among human populations.
Two new susceptibility loci for Kawasaki disease identified through genome-wide association analysis.
A common variant near the KCNJ2 gene is associated with T-peak to T-end interval.
Meta-analyses identify 13 loci associated with age at menopause and highlight DNA repair and immune pathways.
A genome-wide association study of chronic hepatitis B identified novel risk locus in a Japanese population.
Genome-wide mapping for clinically relevant predictors of lamotrigine- and phenytoin-induced hypersensitivity reactions.
Genome-wide significant association between alcohol dependence and a variant in the ADH gene cluster.
Combined linkage and association analyses identify a novel locus for obesity near PROX1 in Asians.
Genetic variants near TIMP3 and high-density lipoprotein-associated loci influence susceptibility to age-related macular degeneration.
Genome-wide association study in individuals of South Asian ancestry identifies six new type 2 diabetes susceptibility loci.
Genetic predictors of fibrin D-dimer levels in healthy adults.
Identification of IL6R and chromosome 11q13.5 as risk loci for asthma.
Common variants at MS4A4/MS4A6E, CD2AP, CD33 and EPHA1 are associated with late-onset Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic variation in DPP6 is associated with susceptibility to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Using multiple measures for quantitative trait association analyses: application to estimated glomerular filtration rate.
Genetic loci associated with plasma phospholipid n-3 fatty acids: a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies from the CHARGE Consortium.
Genome-wide population-based association study of extremely overweight young adults--the GOYA study.
A genome-wide association study of bladder cancer identifies a new susceptibility locus within SLC14A1, a urea transporter gene on chromosome 18q12.3.
Extended genetic effects of ADH cluster genes on the risk of alcohol dependence: from GWAS to replication.
A genome-wide association study identifies three new risk loci for Kawasaki disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies a common variant associated with risk of endometrial cancer.
GWAS of butyrylcholinesterase activity identifies four novel loci, independent effects within BCHE and secondary associations with metabolic risk factors.
Genome-wide association study identifies candidate genes for Parkinson's disease in an Ashkenazi Jewish population.
Identification of a candidate gene for astigmatism.
Genome-wide detection of allele specific copy number variation associated with insulin resistance in African Americans from the HyperGEN study.
Genome-wide association study in a Chinese population identifies a susceptibility locus for type 2 diabetes at 7q32 near PAX4.
A genome-wide association study of hepatitis B vaccine response in an Indonesian population reveals multiple independent risk variants in the HLA region.
New gene functions in megakaryopoiesis and platelet formation.
Genome-wide association study for intracranial aneurysm in the Japanese population identifies three candidate susceptible loci and a functional genetic variant at EDNRA.
A genome-wide search for type 2 diabetes susceptibility genes in an extended Arab family.
A genome-wide meta-analysis of association studies of Cloninger's Temperament Scales.
Whole genome association study identifies polymorphisms associated with QT prolongation during iloperidone treatment of schizophrenia.
Weight loss after gastric bypass is associated with a variant at 15q26.1.
Genome-wide association study in Han Chinese identifies four new susceptibility loci for coronary artery disease.
A variant in LIN28B is associated with 2D:4D finger-length ratio, a putative retrospective biomarker of prenatal testosterone exposure.
Excess of rare variants in genes identified by genome-wide association study of hypertriglyceridemia.
No evidence for shared genetic basis of common variants in multiple sclerosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Genetic loci for retinal arteriolar microcirculation.
Genetically distinct subsets within ANCA-associated vasculitis.
Ulcerative colitis-risk loci on chromosomes 1p36 and 12q15 found by genome-wide association study.
Gene-environment interactions and obesity traits among postmenopausal African-American and Hispanic women in the Women's Health Initiative SHARe Study.
Identification of KCNN2 as a susceptibility locus for coronary artery aneurysms in Kawasaki disease using genome-wide association analysis.
Genome-wide association study identifies 8 novel loci associated with blood pressure responses to interventions in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study identifies 1p36.22 as a new susceptibility locus for hepatocellular carcinoma in chronic hepatitis B virus carriers.
Genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for schizophrenia in Han Chinese at 11p11.2.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants in the CFH region associated with host susceptibility to meningococcal disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies new HLA class II haplotypes strongly protective against narcolepsy.
Genome-wide association study identifies common variants at TNFRSF13B associated with IgG level in a healthy Chinese male population.
Genetic determinants of serum testosterone concentrations in men.
Novel loci involved in platelet function and platelet count identified by a genome-wide study performed in children.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis identifies seven new rheumatoid arthritis risk loci.
Identification of a sudden cardiac death susceptibility locus at 2q24.2 through genome-wide association in European ancestry individuals.
Common genetic variants on 1p13.2 associate with risk of autism.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies novel variants associated with fasting plasma glucose in East Asians.
GWAS of longevity in CHARGE consortium confirms APOE and FOXO3 candidacy.
Genetic variation in the HLA region is associated with susceptibility to herpes zoster.
New loci associated with chronic hepatitis B virus infection in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study of breast cancer in Latinas identifies novel protective variants on 6q25.
The genetics of hemoglobin A2 regulation in sickle cell anemia.
Genome-wide association study of conduct disorder symptomatology.
Genome-wide association study of selenium concentrations.
A genome wide meta-analysis study for identification of common variation associated with breast cancer prognosis.
Meta-analysis identifies loci affecting levels of the potential osteoarthritis biomarkers sCOMP and uCTX-II with genome wide significance.
Common variants near ABCA1 and in PMM2 are associated with primary open-angle glaucoma.
A genome-wide association study identifies common variants influencing serum uric acid concentrations in a Chinese population.
Genome-wide association study identifies common loci influencing circulating glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels in non-diabetic subjects: the Long Life Family Study (LLFS).
A genome wide association study (GWAS) providing evidence of an association between common genetic variants and late radiotherapy toxicity.
Identification of a novel Parkinson's disease locus via stratified genome-wide association study.
Salt-inducible kinase 3, SIK3, is a new gene associated with hearing.
Associations of Sleep Apnea, NRG1 Polymorphisms, Alcohol Consumption, and Cerebral White Matter Hyperintensities: Analysis with Genome-Wide Association Data.
Multiethnic meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in >100 000 subjects identifies 23 fibrinogen-associated Loci but no strong evidence of a causal association between circulating fibrinogen and cardiovascular disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple loci associated with bladder cancer risk.
A genome-wide association study of behavioral disinhibition.
Heritability and molecular-genetic basis of resting EEG activity: a genome-wide association study.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies ORM1 as a novel gene controlling thrombin generation potential.
IgA measurements in over 12 000 Swedish twins reveal sex differential heritability and regulatory locus near CD30L.
Genome-wide association study for Crohn's disease in the Quebec Founder Population identifies multiple validated disease loci.
Genome-wide association scan shows genetic variants in the FTO gene are associated with obesity-related traits.
Variants in the 1q21 risk region are associated with a visual endophenotype of autism and schizophrenia.
FASTKD2 is associated with memory and hippocampal structure in older adults.
A novel variant on chromosome 7q22.3 associated with mean platelet volume, counts, and function.
Frontotemporal dementia and its subtypes: a genome-wide association study.
An integrative study of the genetic, social and environmental determinants of chronic kidney disease characterized by tubulointerstitial damages in the North Central Region of Sri Lanka.
Two new susceptibility loci 1q24.2 and 11p11.2 confer risk to severe acne.
CDH13 gene coding T-cadherin influences variations in plasma adiponectin levels in the Japanese population.
Gene-alcohol interactions identify several novel blood pressure loci including a promising locus near SLC16A9.
A genome-wide association study in the genetic analysis of idiopathic thrombophilia project suggests sex-specific regulation of mitochondrial DNA levels.
Genome-wide association study in Chinese identifies novel loci for blood pressure and hypertension.
Genome-wide association study of proneness to anger.
Genetic markers associated with plasma protein C level in African Americans: the atherosclerosis risk in communities (ARIC) study.
A novel SNP associated with nighttime pulse pressure in young-onset hypertension patients could be a genetic prognostic factor for cardiovascular events in a general cohort in Taiwan.
A genome wide association study identifies common variants associated with lipid levels in the Chinese population.
Genetic variants associated with serum thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) levels in European Americans and African Americans from the eMERGE Network.
Genome-wide association analysis demonstrates the highly polygenic character of age-related hearing impairment.
Genetic variants regulating ORMDL3 expression contribute to the risk of childhood asthma.
Genome-wide association study of medication adherence in chronic diseases in the korean population.
TAOK3, a novel genome-wide association study locus associated with morphine requirement and postoperative pain in a retrospective pediatric day surgery population.
Multiple nonglycemic genomic loci are newly associated with blood level of glycated hemoglobin in East Asians.
A genome-wide association study on chronic HBV infection and its clinical progression in male Han-Taiwanese.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of homocysteine and methionine metabolism identifies five one carbon metabolism loci and a novel association of ALDH1L1 with ischemic stroke.
A novel common variant in DCST2 is associated with length in early life and height in adulthood.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of human longevity identifies a novel locus conferring survival beyond 90 years of age.
Genome-wide association study of smoking behaviours among Bangladeshi adults.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies 1q22 as a susceptibility locus for intracerebral hemorrhage.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of preschool internalizing problems.
Quantitative trait loci for CD4:CD8 lymphocyte ratio are associated with risk of type 1 diabetes and HIV-1 immune control.
Association between antinuclear antibodies and the HLA class II locus and heterogeneous characteristics of staining patterns: the Nagahama study.
Identification of HKDC1 and BACE2 as genes influencing glycemic traits during pregnancy through genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide interaction studies reveal sex-specific asthma risk alleles.
PTPRD (protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor type delta) is associated with restless legs syndrome.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple risk loci for chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A genome-wide association study of early-onset breast cancer identifies PFKM as a novel breast cancer gene and supports a common genetic spectrum for breast cancer at any age.
Exploring the genetics of irritable bowel syndrome: a GWA study in the general population and replication in multinational case-control cohorts.
Genome-wide association study yields variants at 20p12.2 that associate with urinary bladder cancer.
New variants including ARG1 polymorphisms associated with C-reactive protein levels identified by genome-wide association and pathway analysis.
Risk loci for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a genome-wide association study and meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study identifies three novel susceptibility loci for severe Acne vulgaris.
SLCO1B1 variants and statin-induced myopathy--a genomewide study.
Multiple loci are associated with white blood cell phenotypes.
Genome-wide association study of sensory disturbances in the inferior alveolar nerve after bilateral sagittal split ramus osteotomy.
Identification of three novel genetic variations associated with electrocardiographic traits (QRS duration and PR interval) in East Asians.
Genome-wide association studies identify IL23R-IL12RB2 and IL10 as Behçet's disease susceptibility loci.
The correlation between reading and mathematics ability at age twelve has a substantial genetic component.
Genome-wide comparative analysis of atopic dermatitis and psoriasis gives insight into opposing genetic mechanisms.
A meta-analysis of 87,040 individuals identifies 23 new susceptibility loci for prostate cancer.
Genome-wide pathway analysis of genome-wide association studies on systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis.
Gene-smoking interactions identify several novel blood pressure loci in the Framingham Heart Study.
SORBS1 gene, a new candidate for diabetic nephropathy: results from a multi-stage genome-wide association study in patients with type 1 diabetes.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association data identifies novel susceptibility loci for obesity.
A genome-wide association study of third molar agenesis in Japanese and Korean populations.
Defining the role of common variation in the genomic and biological architecture of adult human height.
Genome-wide association studies and epistasis analyses of candidate genes related to age at menarche and age at natural menopause in a Korean population.
Rare variants of large effect in BRCA2 and CHEK2 affect risk of lung cancer.
Abdominal aortic aneurysm is associated with a variant in low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 1.
Severe osteoarthritis of the hand associates with common variants within the ALDH1A2 gene and with rare variants at 1p31.
Modeling of environmental effects in genome-wide association studies identifies SLC2A2 and HP as novel loci influencing serum cholesterol levels.
Genome-wide association identifies a common variant in the reelin gene that increases the risk of schizophrenia only in women.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies in African Americans provides insights into the genetic architecture of type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association scan identifies a colorectal cancer susceptibility locus on 11q23 and replicates risk loci at 8q24 and 18q21.
Genome-wide association study of sex hormones, gonadotropins and sex hormone-binding protein in Chinese men.
A genome-wide association study of saturated, mono- and polyunsaturated red blood cell fatty acids in the Framingham Heart Offspring Study.
Common variants in UMOD associate with urinary uromodulin levels: a meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies a novel locus at 17q11.2 associated with sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Genome-wide association study identifies four genetic loci associated with thyroid volume and goiter risk.
Polymorphism of the cystatin C gene in patients with acute coronary syndromes: Results from the PLATelet inhibition and patient Outcomes study.
Thirty new loci for age at menarche identified by a meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
The imprinted DLK1-MEG3 gene region on chromosome 14q32.2 alters susceptibility to type 1 diabetes.
A genome- and phenome-wide association study to identify genetic variants influencing platelet count and volume and their pleiotropic effects.
Amerindian-specific regions under positive selection harbour new lipid variants in Latinos.
Genome-wide association study identifies TF as a significant modifier gene of iron metabolism in HFE hemochromatosis.
A genome-wide association study of clinical symptoms of dissociation in a trauma-exposed sample.
Genetic determinants influencing human serum metabolome among African Americans.
Systematic association mapping identifies NELL1 as a novel IBD disease gene.
Discovery and refinement of loci associated with lipid levels.
Imputation-based meta-analysis of severe malaria in three African populations.
A genome-wide association study of a sustained pattern of antidepressant response.
Genome-wide association study combining pathway analysis for typical sporadic amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in Chinese Han populations.
A genome-wide association study of marginal zone lymphoma shows association to the HLA region.
Genome-wide association study using extreme truncate selection identifies novel genes affecting bone mineral density and fracture risk.
Genome-wide association analysis of plasma B-type natriuretic peptide in blacks: the Jackson Heart Study.
A genome-wide association study identifies a LEPR gene as a novel predisposing factor for childhood fasting plasma glucose.
Identification of six new susceptibility loci for invasive epithelial ovarian cancer.
Genome-wide association study identifies new disease loci for isolated clubfoot.
Integrated genome-wide association, coexpression network, and expression single nucleotide polymorphism analysis identifies novel pathway in allergic rhinitis.
Common variants at 1p36 are associated with superior frontal gyrus volume.
Genome-wide association study for endothelial growth factors.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis of intraocular pressure.
Genome-wide association study identified SNP on 15q24 associated with bladder cancer risk in Japanese population.
Genome-wide association for smoking cessation success in a trial of precessation nicotine replacement.
Genetic Variants Associated With Quantitative Glucose Homeostasis Traits Translate to Type 2 Diabetes in Mexican Americans: The GUARDIAN (Genetics Underlying Diabetes in Hispanics) Consortium.
GWAS meta analysis identifies TSNARE1 as a novel Schizophrenia / Bipolar susceptibility locus.
Genome wide association study of SNP-, gene-, and pathway-based approaches to identify genes influencing susceptibility to Staphylococcus aureus infections.
A genome-wide association study of autism using the Simons Simplex Collection: Does reducing phenotypic heterogeneity in autism increase genetic homogeneity?
Multiple loci associated with indices of renal function and chronic kidney disease.
Seasonality shows evidence for polygenic architecture and genetic correlation with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Electronic medical records and genomics (eMERGE) network exploration in cataract: several new potential susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide association study of L-arginine and dimethylarginines reveals novel metabolic pathway for symmetric dimethylarginine.
Genome-wide association study of multiple congenital heart disease phenotypes identifies a susceptibility locus for atrial septal defect at chromosome 4p16.
IREB2 and GALC are associated with pulmonary artery enlargement in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
A genome-wide association study identifies potential susceptibility loci for Hirschsprung disease.
Genome-wide association study of maternal and inherited effects on left-sided cardiac malformations.
Common variation contributes to the genetic architecture of social communication traits.
A genome-wide association study identifies new susceptibility loci for esophageal adenocarcinoma and Barrett's esophagus.
Genome-wide association study of metabolic traits reveals novel gene-metabolite-disease links.
A genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus at 6q22.1 associated with ulcerative colitis.
Genome-wide diet-gene interaction analyses for risk of colorectal cancer.
Genome-wide association study of plasma N6 polyunsaturated fatty acids within the cohorts for heart and aging research in genomic epidemiology consortium.
Confirmation of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia variants, ARID5B and IKZF1, and interaction with parental environmental exposures.
Genome-wide association study of survival from sepsis due to pneumonia: an observational cohort study.
ALDH2 is associated to alcohol dependence and is the major genetic determinant of "daily maximum drinks" in a GWAS study of an isolated rural Chinese sample.
Common genetic variants and gene expression associated with white matter microstructure in the human brain.
Genome-wide association and network analysis of lung function in the Framingham Heart Study.
Common variants in 22 loci are associated with QRS duration and cardiac ventricular conduction.
Genetic Associations with Plasma B12, B6, and Folate Levels in an Ischemic Stroke Population from the Vitamin Intervention for Stroke Prevention (VISP) Trial.
Genetic predictors associated with improvement of asthma symptoms in response to inhaled corticosteroids.
Genome-wide association study supports the role of the immunological system and of the neurodevelopmental processes in response to haloperidol treatment.
Biological insights from 108 schizophrenia-associated genetic loci.
Genetic relationships between suicide attempts, suicidal ideation and major psychiatric disorders: a genome-wide association and polygenic scoring study.
Identification of a novel risk locus for multiple sclerosis at 13q31.3 by a pooled genome-wide scan of 500,000 single nucleotide polymorphisms.
Pharmacogenomic determinants of the cardiovascular effects of dalcetrapib.
Genome-wide association study identifies ALLC polymorphisms correlated with FEV₁ change by corticosteroid.
Genome-wide association study identifies variants associated with autoimmune hepatitis type 1.
Identification of a genetic variant at 2q12.1 associated with blood pressure in East Asians by genome-wide scan including gene-environment interactions.
Genome-wide association study for levels of total serum IgE identifies HLA-C in a Japanese population.
Common genetic variants near the Brittle Cornea Syndrome locus ZNF469 influence the blinding disease risk factor central corneal thickness.
Genome-wide association study identifies three susceptibility loci for laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma in the Chinese population.
A study assessing the association of glycated hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C) associated variants with HbA1C, chronic kidney disease and diabetic retinopathy in populations of Asian ancestry.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies for personality.
A genome-wide association study identifies LIPA as a susceptibility gene for coronary artery disease.
The ATXN2-SH2B3 locus is associated with peripheral arterial disease: an electronic medical record-based genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide admixture and association study of serum iron, ferritin, transferrin saturation and total iron binding capacity in African Americans.
Genome-wide association analyses identify variants in developmental genes associated with hypospadias.
Genome-wide association study of urinary albumin excretion rate in patients with type 1 diabetes.
Genome wide association analysis of a founder population identified TAF3 as a gene for MCHC in humans.
Genome wide association scan for chronic periodontitis implicates novel locus.
Multistage genome-wide association meta-analyses identified two new loci for bone mineral density.
Genome-wide association analysis of age-at-onset in Alzheimer's disease.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies novel variants associated with osteoarthritis of the hip.
Susceptibility to chronic mucus hypersecretion, a genome wide association study.
Novel loci associated with usual sleep duration: the CHARGE Consortium Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genomewide association study of movement-related adverse antipsychotic effects.
A genome-wide association study in American Indians implicates DNER as a susceptibility locus for type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of response to methylphenidate in 187 children with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Genome-wide survival analysis of age at onset of alcohol dependence in extended high-risk COGA families.
Common genetic variants associated with resting oxygenation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide association study in NSAID-induced acute urticaria/angioedema in Spanish and Han Chinese populations.
A genome-wide association study identifies a novel locus on chromosome 18q12.2 influencing white cell telomere length.
A genome-wide association study of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Hispanics.
Genome wide analysis of drug-induced torsades de pointes: lack of common variants with large effect sizes.
Genome wide association study of fetal hemoglobin in sickle cell anemia in Tanzania.
Genome wide association study: searching for genes underlying body mass index in the Chinese.
Identification of novel genetic Loci associated with thyroid peroxidase antibodies and clinical thyroid disease.
C9orf72 and UNC13A are shared risk loci for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and frontotemporal dementia: a genome-wide meta-analysis.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci of silica-related pneumoconiosis in Han Chinese.
Genomic association analysis of common variants influencing antihypertensive response to hydrochlorothiazide.
Genome-wide association study of intracranial aneurysm identifies a new association on chromosome 7.
Familial young-onset diabetes, pre-diabetes and cardiovascular disease are associated with genetic variants of DACH1 in Chinese.
A twin study of breastfeeding with a preliminary genome-wide association scan.
Functional variants in ADH1B and ALDH2 coupled with alcohol and smoking synergistically enhance esophageal cancer risk.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies novel loci that influence cupping and the glaucomatous process.
Variability in the common genetic architecture of social-communication spectrum phenotypes during childhood and adolescence.
Genome-wide association study of vitamin D levels in children: replication in the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) study.
A novel colorectal cancer risk locus at 4q32.2 identified from an international genome-wide association study.
Results of a "GWAS plus:" general cognitive ability is substantially heritable and massively polygenic.
Genome-wide association study of bipolar disorder accounting for effect of body mass index identifies a new risk allele in TCF7L2.
Genome-wide association analysis of eosinophilic esophagitis provides insight into the tissue specificity of this allergic disease.
Genome-wide association study to characterize serum bilirubin elevations in patients with HCV treated with GS-9256, an HCV NS3 serine protease inhibitor.
Discovery of new risk loci for IgA nephropathy implicates genes involved in immunity against intestinal pathogens.
A variant in CDKAL1 influences insulin response and risk of type 2 diabetes.
Common variants at TRAF3IP2 are associated with susceptibility to psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis.
Genetic analysis of the pathogenic molecular sub-phenotype interferon-alpha identifies multiple novel loci involved in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Fraction of exhaled nitric oxide values in childhood are associated with 17q11.2-q12 and 17q12-q21 variants.
Heritability and genetic association analysis of cognition in the Diabetes Heart Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies two novel regions at 11p15.5-p13 and 1p31 with major impact on acute-phase serum amyloid A.
Genome-wide association study of kidney function decline in individuals of European descent.
Common variants near ABCA1, AFAP1 and GMDS confer risk of primary open-angle glaucoma.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel risk loci for type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of periodontal health measured by probing depth in adults ages 18-49 years.
Genome-wide association study reveals two new risk loci for bipolar disorder.
Common variation in PHACTR1 is associated with susceptibility to cervical artery dissection.
Genome-wide SNP associations with rubella-specific cytokine responses in measles-mumps-rubella vaccine recipients.
A common variant at 8q24.21 is associated with renal cell cancer.
Variant of TYR and autoimmunity susceptibility loci in generalized vitiligo.
A genome-wide association study on thyroid function and anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies in Koreans.
GWAS identifies four novel eosinophilic esophagitis loci.
Genome-wide analysis of hepatic lipid content in extreme obesity.
Genome-wide association study identifies polymorphisms in LEPR as determinants of plasma soluble leptin receptor levels.
GWAS identifies novel SLE susceptibility genes and explains the association of the HLA region.
ABCC9 gene polymorphism is associated with hippocampal sclerosis of aging pathology.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies two loci associated with circulating osteoprotegerin levels.
CKM and LILRB5 are associated with serum levels of creatine kinase.
Inhaled corticosteroid treatment modulates ZNF432 gene variant's effect on bronchodilator response in asthmatics.
Genome-wide association analysis of genetic generalized epilepsies implicates susceptibility loci at 1q43, 2p16.1, 2q22.3 and 17q21.32.
Genetic modifiers of menopausal hormone replacement therapy and breast cancer risk: a genome-wide interaction study.
Genome-wide association and admixture analysis of glaucoma in the Women's Health Initiative.
A genome-wide association study identifies CDHR3 as a susceptibility locus for early childhood asthma with severe exacerbations.
Genetics of rheumatoid arthritis contributes to biology and drug discovery.
A genome-wide association scan on the levels of markers of inflammation in Sardinians reveals associations that underpin its complex regulation.
Genetic association with overall survival of taxane-treated lung cancer patients - a genome-wide association study in human lymphoblastoid cell lines followed by a clinical association study.
Genome-wide association of familial late-onset Alzheimer's disease replicates BIN1 and CLU and nominates CUGBP2 in interaction with APOE.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic determinants of urine PCA3 levels in men.
Genome-wide association study of CSF levels of 59 alzheimer's disease candidate proteins: significant associations with proteins involved in amyloid processing and inflammation.
Genome-wide study of methotrexate clearance replicates SLCO1B1.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies of aggressive and chronic periodontitis identifies two novel risk loci.
Transethnic and race-stratified genome-wide association study of fibroid characteristics in African American and European American women.
Genome-wide association study of intraocular pressure uncovers new pathways to glaucoma.
Causal association of body mass index with hypertension using a Mendelian randomization design.
The Genetic Makeup of the Electrocardiogram.
Genome-wide association study identifies nine novel loci for 2D:4D finger ratio, a putative retrospective biomarker of testosterone exposure in utero.
Identification of 12 genetic loci associated with human healthspan.
Genetics of blood lipids among ~300,000 multi-ethnic participants of the Million Veteran Program.
A genome-wide association study identifies a susceptibility locus for biliary atresia on 2p16.1 within the gene EFEMP1.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple new loci associated with Ewing sarcoma susceptibility.
A truncating mutation in EPOR leads to hypo-responsiveness to erythropoietin with normal haemoglobin.
Protein-coding variants implicate novel genes related to lipid homeostasis contributing to body-fat distribution.
Maternal and fetal genetic effects on birth weight and their relevance to cardio-metabolic risk factors.
Gene discovery and polygenic prediction from a genome-wide association study of educational attainment in 1.1 million individuals.
Genome-wide association study in frontal fibrosing alopecia identifies four susceptibility loci including HLA-B*07:02.
Single-nucleotide polymorphisms in a cohort of significantly obese women without cardiometabolic diseases.
Genome-wide association study identifies glutamate ionotropic receptor GRIA4 as a risk gene for comorbid nicotine dependence and major depression.
Genome-wide association studies and CRISPR/Cas9-mediated gene editing identify regulatory variants influencing eyebrow thickness in humans.
Identification of Glycochenodeoxycholate 3-O-Glucuronide and Glycodeoxycholate 3-O-Glucuronide as Highly Sensitive and Specific OATP1B1 Biomarkers.
Advancing our understanding of genetic risk factors and potential personalized strategies for pelvic organ prolapse.
Genome wide analysis for mouth ulcers identifies associations at immune regulatory loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic loci for self-reported habitual sleep duration supported by accelerometer-derived estimates.
Biological Insights Into Muscular Strength: Genetic Findings in the UK Biobank.
Genetics of suicide attempts in individuals with and without mental disorders: a population-based genome-wide association study.
Refining the accuracy of validated target identification through coding variant fine-mapping in type 2 diabetes.
Genetic basis of falling risk susceptibility in the UK Biobank Study.
Discovering Genetic Factors for psoriasis through exhaustively searching for significant second order SNP-SNP interactions.
Genome-wide association study of depression phenotypes in UK Biobank identifies variants in excitatory synaptic pathways.
Pleiotropic genomic variants at 17q21.31 associated with bone mineral density and body fat mass: a bivariate genome-wide association analysis.
Human genetic variants and age are the strongest predictors of humoral immune responses to common pathogens and vaccines.
Genome-wide association analysis suggests novel loci for Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Heritability and genome-wide association study of diffusing capacity of the lung.
Genome-wide Association Study of Leisure-Time Exercise Behavior in Japanese Adults.
Cross-genetic determination of maternal and neonatal immune mediators during pregnancy.
Ancestry and Genetic Associations with Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia in Preterm Infants.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with parathyroid hormone level.
Identification of 15 genetic loci associated with risk of major depression in individuals of European descent.
Identification of multiple risk loci and regulatory mechanisms influencing susceptibility to multiple myeloma.
Male-specific epistasis between WWC1 and TLN2 genes is associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association study suggests four variants influencing outcomes with ranibizumab therapy in exudative age-related macular degeneration.
Circulating Chemerin Levels, but not the RARRES2 Polymorphisms, Predict the Long-Term Outcome of Angiographically Confirmed Coronary Artery Disease.
PR interval genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies 50 loci associated with atrial and atrioventricular electrical activity.
Protective effect of club cell secretory protein (CC-16) on COPD risk and progression: a Mendelian randomisation study.
Identification of 613 new loci associated with heel bone mineral density and a polygenic risk score for bone mineral density, osteoporosis and fracture.
Genetic contributors to serum uric acid levels in Mexicans and their effect on premature coronary artery disease.
Longitudinal analysis to better characterize Asthma-COPD Overlap Syndrome (ACOS): Findings from an adult asthma cohort in Korea (COREA).
Genome-Wide Association Study in Vestibular Neuritis: Involvement of the Host Factor for HSV-1 Replication.
Genome-wide interaction studies identify sex-specific risk alleles for nonsyndromic orofacial clefts.
GWAS of lifetime cannabis use reveals new risk loci, genetic overlap with psychiatric traits, and a causal influence of schizophrenia.
Association of modifiers and other genetic factors explain Marfan syndrome clinical variability.
Genetic analysis of over 1 million people identifies 535 new loci associated with blood pressure traits.
Association studies of up to 1.2 million individuals yield new insights into the genetic etiology of tobacco and alcohol use.
Genetic variation in FCER1A predicts peginterferon alfa-2a-induced hepatitis B surface antigen clearance in East Asian patients with chronic hepatitis B.
Protein-altering variants associated with body mass index implicate pathways that control energy intake and expenditure in obesity.
Varicose veins of lower extremities: Insights from the first large-scale genetic study.
Efficiently controlling for case-control imbalance and sample relatedness in large-scale genetic association studies.
Sex-specific and pleiotropic effects underlying kidney function identified from GWAS meta-analysis.
Genetics of Obesity Traits: A Bivariate Genome-Wide Association Analysis.
Genome Analyses of >200,000 Individuals Identify 58 Loci for Chronic Inflammation and Highlight Pathways that Link Inflammation and Complex Disorders.
Shared and distinct genetic risk factors for childhood-onset and adult-onset asthma: genome-wide and transcriptome-wide studies.
Genome-wide Association Study Reveals Distinct Genetic Susceptibility of Thyroid Nodules from Thyroid Cancer.
Transancestral mapping and genetic load in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of individuals of European ancestry identifies new loci explaining a substantial fraction of hair color variation and heritability.
The relative contribution of DNA methylation and genetic variants on protein biomarkers for human diseases.
Female-specific Association Between Variants on Chromosome 9 and Self-reported Diagnosis of Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies multiple novel loci associated with serum uric acid levels in Japanese individuals.
Target genes, variants, tissues and transcriptional pathways influencing human serum urate levels.
Genotype effects contribute to variation in longitudinal methylome patterns in older people.
Genome-wide association study of antidepressant treatment resistance in a population-based cohort using health service prescription data and meta-analysis with GENDEP.
Assessment of Molecular Subtypes in Thyrotoxic Periodic Paralysis and Graves Disease Among Chinese Han Adults: A Population-Based Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide association study of monoclonal gammopathy of unknown significance (MGUS): comparison with multiple myeloma.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Bisphosphonate-Associated Atypical Femoral Fracture.
The Relationship Between Polygenic Risk Scores and Cognition in Schizophrenia.
Childhood asthma is associated with COPD and known asthma variants in COPDGene: a genome-wide association study.
Identification and functional characterization of G6PC2 coding variants influencing glycemic traits define an effector transcript at the G6PC2-ABCB11 locus.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Loci for Liver Enzyme Concentrations in Mexican Americans: The GUARDIAN Consortium.
Genome-wide interaction with the insulin secretion locus MTNR1B reveals CMIP as a novel type 2 diabetes susceptibility gene in African Americans.
Genome-wide association study in Turkish and Iranian populations identify rare familial Mediterranean fever gene (MEFV) polymorphisms associated with ankylosing spondylitis.
Identification of CDC42BPG as a novel susceptibility locus for hyperuricemia in a Japanese population.
Genome-Wide Association Study Detected Novel Susceptibility Genes for Schizophrenia and Shared Trans-Populations/Diseases Genetic Effect.
Genetic Architectures of Childhood- and Adult-Onset Asthma Are Partly Distinct.
Clinical and genetic correlates of growth differentiation factor 15 in the community.
A genome-wide association study on photic sneeze reflex in the Chinese population.
Genome-wide association study and meta-analysis identify loci associated with ventricular and supraventricular ectopy.
Association of Genetic Variants With Warfarin-Associated Bleeding Among Patients of African Descent.
Placenta and appetite genes GDF15 and IGFBP7 are associated with hyperemesis gravidarum.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis of Single Breath Diffusing Capacity of Carbon Monoxide (DLCO).
A Genome-wide Association Study of Prostate Cancer in Latinos.
Bactericidal/Permeability-Increasing Fold-Containing Family B Member 4 May Be Associated with NSAID-Induced Enteropathy.
Genome-wide association study identifies genes associated with neuropathy in patients with head and neck cancer.
Integrative approach identifies corticosteroid response variant in diverse populations with asthma.
High Genetic Risk Scores of ASIC2, MACROD2, CHRM3, and C2orf83 Genetic Variants Associated with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome Impair Insulin Sensitivity and Interact with Energy Intake in Korean Women.
A genome-wide association study in individuals of African ancestry reveals the importance of the Duffy-null genotype in the assessment of clozapine-related neutropenia.
Genetic association between CD96 locus and immunogenicity to anti-TNF therapy in Crohn's disease.
Multiple genotype-phenotype association study reveals intronic variant pair on SIDT2 associated with metabolic syndrome in a Korean population.
Rare coding variants associated with blood pressure variation in 15 914 individuals of African ancestry.
Genome-wide association study of psoriasis in an Egyptian population.
Genome-wide analysis of genetic predisposition to Alzheimer's disease and related sex disparities.
Cardiac Troponin T and Troponin I in the General Population: Comparing and Contrasting their Genetic Determinants and Associations with Outcomes.
Investigating the shared genetics of non-syndromic cleft lip/palate and facial morphology.
A Genome-Wide Association Study identifies new genes potentially associated with eyelid sagging.
A Genome-Wide Association Study implicates NR2F2 in Lymphangioleiomyomatosis Pathogenesis.
The impact of donor and recipient common clinical and genetic variation on estimated glomerular filtration rate in a European renal transplant population.
Genome-wide analysis of polymorphism × sodium interaction effect on blood pressure identifies a novel 3'-BCL11B gene desert locus.
Novel risk genes identified in a genome-wide association study for coronary artery disease in patients with type 1 diabetes.
Genome-wide association analysis suggests novel loci underlying thyroid antibodies in Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Genome-wide association study identifies locus at chromosome 2q32.1 associated with syncope and collapse.
Identification of a 1p21 independent functional variant for abdominal obesity.
Genome-wide analysis of genetic determinants of circulating factor VII activating protease (FSAP) activity.
Genome-wide association study reveals sex-specific genetic architecture of facial attractiveness.
POGLUT1, the putative effector gene driven by rs2293370 in primary biliary cholangitis susceptibility locus chromosome 3q13.33.
Genetic variants in the ST6GAL1 gene are associated with thyroglobulin plasma level in healthy individuals.
A case-only genome-wide association study on gene-sex interaction in allergic rhinitis.
Heritability and genome-wide association study of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in the eMERGE network.
Analyses of genome wide association data, cytokines, and gene expression in African-Americans with benign ethnic neutropenia.
A Meta-Analysis of Genome-Wide Association Studies of Growth Differentiation Factor-15 Concentration in Blood.
Host genetic susceptibility to Clostridium difficile infections in patients undergoing autologous stem cell transplantation: a genome-wide association study.
Post-traumatic stress following military deployment: Genetic associations and cross-disorder genetic correlations.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies 127 open-angle glaucoma loci with consistent effect across ancestries.
Complex genetic signatures in immune cells underlie autoimmunity and inform therapy.
An expanded set of genome-wide association studies of brain imaging phenotypes in UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study identifies a locus associated with rotator cuff injury.
A genome-wide association study of facial morphology identifies novel genetic loci in Han Chinese.
Genomic and drug target evaluation of 90 cardiovascular proteins in 30,931 individuals.
Genome-wide association study of individual differences of human lymphocyte profiles using large-scale cytometry data.
Genetic variants in SEC16B are associated with body composition in black South Africans.
Genetic Regulation of Atherosclerosis-Relevant Phenotypes in Human Vascular Smooth Muscle Cells.
Smoking modifies pancreatic cancer risk loci on 2q21.3.
Genome-wide association study of fish oil supplementation on lipid traits in 81,246 individuals reveals new gene-diet interaction loci.
Matrix metalloproteinase-degraded type I collagen is associated with APOE/TOMM40 variants and preclinical dementia.
Identification of common genetic variants associated with serum concentrations of p, p'-DDE in non-occupational populations in eastern China.
A powerful method for pleiotropic analysis under composite null hypothesis identifies novel shared loci between Type 2 Diabetes and Prostate Cancer.
Interpreting type 1 diabetes risk with genetics and single-cell epigenomics.
Mapping of susceptible variants for cold medicine-related Stevens-Johnson syndrome by whole-genome resequencing.
DNA Sequence Variation in ACVR1C Encoding the Activin Receptor-Like Kinase 7 Influences Body Fat Distribution and Protects Against Type 2 Diabetes.
Loci identified by a genome-wide association study of carotid artery stenosis in the eMERGE network.
Genetic variants associated with cardiometabolic abnormalities during treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association study identifies new loci associated with risk of HBV infection and disease progression.
Genome-wide association study identifies 143 loci associated with 25 hydroxyvitamin D concentration.
The genetic architecture of structural left-right asymmetry of the human brain.
A general dimension of genetic sharing across diverse cognitive traits inferred from molecular data.
Genetic and functional interaction network analysis reveals global enrichment of regulatory T cell genes influencing basal cell carcinoma susceptibility.
Integrative omics analysis identifies macrophage migration inhibitory factor signaling pathways underlying human hepatic fibrogenesis and fibrosis.
Large-scale association analyses identify host factors influencing human gut microbiome composition.
A meta-analysis uncovers the first sequence variant conferring risk of Bell's palsy.
Rapid response to the alpha-1 adrenergic agent phenylephrine in the perioperative period is impacted by genomics and ancestry.
Observational or Genetically Predicted Higher Vegetable Intake and Kidney Function Impairment: An Integrated Population-Scale Cross-Sectional Analysis and Mendelian Randomization Study.
Association of low-frequency and rare coding-sequence variants with blood lipids and coronary heart disease in 56,000 whites and blacks.
Genome-wide analyses of multiple obesity-related cytokines and hormones informs biology of cardiometabolic traits.
Exome-wide association analysis suggests LRP2BP as a susceptibility gene for endothelial injury in systemic sclerosis in Han Chinese population.
Genome-wide search for genes affecting the age at diagnosis of type 1 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study identifies 7q11.22 and 7q36.3 associated with noise-induced hearing loss among Chinese population.
Genome-wide association study across pediatric central nervous system tumors implicates shared predisposition and points to 1q25.2 (PAPPA2) and 11p12 (LRRC4C) as novel candidate susceptibility loci.
Exome-Wide Rare Loss-of-Function Variant Enrichment Study of 21,347 Han Chinese Individuals Identifies Four Susceptibility Genes for Psoriasis.
Genome-wide association study identifies risk loci for progressive chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
A pharmacogenomic investigation of the cardiac safety profile of ondansetron in children and pregnant women.
Meta-analysis uncovers genome-wide significant variants for rapid kidney function decline.
Integrated genetic analyses revealed novel human longevity loci and reduced risks of multiple diseases in a cohort study of 15,651 Chinese individuals.
Genetic Variations and Health-Related Quality of Life (HRQOL): A Genome-Wide Study Approach.
Genetic insight into sick sinus syndrome.
Effect of plasma polyunsaturated fatty acid levels on leukocyte telomere lengths in the Singaporean Chinese population.
A genome-wide association study in Japanese identified one variant associated with a preference for a Japanese dietary pattern.
Genome-wide association study of body fat distribution traits in Hispanics/Latinos from the HCHS/SOL.
Whole-genome sequencing of African Americans implicates differential genetic architecture in inflammatory bowel disease.
Genetic loci associated with skin pigmentation in African Americans and their effects on vitamin D deficiency.
Genome-wide association study of right-sided colonic diverticulosis in a Korean population.
Multi-trait association studies discover pleiotropic loci between Alzheimer's disease and cardiometabolic traits.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Brain Alzheimer's Disease-Related Metabolic Decline as Measured by [18F] FDG-PET Imaging.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Finds Variants at 2p21 Associated with Self-Reported Sensitive Skin in the Han Chinese population.
Genome-wide association study identifies BTNL2 associated with atopic asthma in children.
Genome-wide discovery of genetic loci that uncouple excess adiposity from its comorbidities.
Genetic determinants of immune-related adverse events in patients with melanoma receiving immune checkpoint inhibitors.
A Locus at 5q33.3 Confers Resistance to Tuberculosis in Highly Susceptible Individuals.
Genetic basis of lacunar stroke: a pooled analysis of individual patient data and genome-wide association studies.
GWAS of stool frequency provides insights into gastrointestinal motility and irritable bowel syndrome.
Genome-wide association study of letrozole plasma concentrations identifies non-exonic variants that may affect CYP2A6 metabolic activity.
Genetic analysis of obstructive sleep apnoea discovers a strong association with cardiometabolic health.
Genome-wide association and transcriptome analysis suggests total serum ghrelin to be linked with GFRAL.
Identification of Genetic Variants for Female Obesity and Evaluation of the Causal Role of Genetically Defined Obesity in Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome.
Genome-wide mapping of global-to-local genetic effects on human facial shape.
Whole-genome association analyses of sleep-disordered breathing phenotypes in the NHLBI TOPMed program.
Polygenic Score for Beta-Blocker Survival Benefit in European Ancestry Patients with Reduced Ejection Fraction Heart Failure.
Genome-Wide Scan for Five Brain Oscillatory Phenotypes Identifies a New QTL Associated with Theta EEG Band.
Kleine-Levin syndrome is associated with birth difficulties and genetic variants in the <i>TRANK1</i> gene loci.
Interactions between Polygenic Risk Scores, Dietary Pattern, and Menarche Age with the Obesity Risk in a Large Hospital-Based Cohort.
Gene-environment correlations and causal effects of childhood maltreatment on physical and mental health: a genetically informed approach.
Common and Rare Variants Genetic Association Analysis of Circulating Neutrophil Extracellular Traps.
Expanding the genetic architecture of nicotine dependence and its shared genetics with multiple traits.
Genetic risk of extranodal natural killer T-cell lymphoma: a genome-wide association study.
First genome-wide association study on rocuronium dose requirements shows association with SLCO1A2.
Nuclear genome-wide associations with mitochondrial heteroplasmy.
Genome-wide association study on Northern Chinese identifies KLF2, DOT1L and STAB2 associated with systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide association study suggests that variation at the RCOR1 locus is associated with tinnitus in UK Biobank.
Secondary Genome-Wide Association Study Using Novel Analytical Strategies Disentangle Genetic Components of Cleft Lip and/or Cleft Palate in 1q32.2.
Sequence Variants in TAAR5 and Other Loci Affect Human Odor Perception and Naming.
Whole genome sequence analyses of eGFR in 23,732 people representing multiple ancestries in the NHLBI trans-omics for precision medicine (TOPMed) consortium.
Genome-Wide Association Study and Identification of a Protective Missense Variant on Lipoprotein(a) Concentration: Protective Missense Variant on Lipoprotein(a) Concentration.
Shared heritability of human face and brain shape.
Multi-omics analysis identifies CpGs near G6PC2 mediating the effects of genetic variants on fasting glucose.
Genetic analysis of hsCRP in American Indians: The Strong Heart Family Study.
Genetic determinants of telomere length from 109,122 ancestrally diverse whole-genome sequences in TOPMed.
Evaluation of Shared Genetic Susceptibility to High and Low Myopia and Hyperopia.
Exome sequencing and analysis of 454,787 UK Biobank participants.
Genetically-Determined Serum Calcium Levels and Markers of Ventricular Repolarisation: A Mendelian Randomization Study in the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide Gene-by-smoking Interaction Study of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Genome-wide association study identifies new loci for albuminuria in the Japanese population.
Novel loci for childhood body mass index and shared heritability with adult cardiometabolic traits.
Medical Records-Based Genetic Studies of the Complement System.
Large genome-wide association study identifies three novel risk variants for restless legs syndrome.
An intron variant of the GLI family zinc finger 3 (GLI3) gene differentiates resistance training-induced muscle fiber hypertrophy in younger men.
Identification of Three Loci Associated with Achilles Tendon Injury Risk from a Genome-wide Association Study.
Association Between rs12037447, rs146732504, rs151078858, rs55723436, and rs6094136 Polymorphisms and Kawasaki Disease in the Population of Polish Children.
Genome-wide meta-analysis between renal overload type and renal underexcretion type of clinically defined gout in Japanese populations.
A multi-ethnic meta-analysis identifies novel genes, including ACSL5, associated with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Sex-stratified genome-wide association study of multisite chronic pain in UK Biobank.
Detecting Gene-Environment Interaction for Maternal Exposures Using Case-Parent Trios Ascertained Through a Case With Non-Syndromic Orofacial Cleft.
Genetic analyses identify widespread sex-differential participation bias.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies the Association between the 12q24 Locus and Black Tea Consumption in Japanese Populations.
Variants in urate transporters, ADH1B, GCKR and MEPE genes associate with transition from asymptomatic hyperuricaemia to gout: results of the first gout versus asymptomatic hyperuricaemia GWAS in Caucasians using data from the UK Biobank.
The FAM171A2 gene is a key regulator of progranulin expression and modifies the risk of multiple neurodegenerative diseases.
Adiponectin GWAS loci harboring extensive allelic heterogeneity exhibit distinct molecular consequences.
Genome-wide Association Study Identifies Genetic Loci Associated with Fat Cell Number and Overlap with Genetic Risk Loci For Type 2 Diabetes.
The influence of regression models on genome-wide association studies of alcohol dependence: a comparison of binary and quantitative analyses.
Genetic analysis of endometriosis and depression identifies shared loci and implicates causal links with gastric mucosa abnormality.
Risk Y-haplotypes and pathogenic variants of Arab-ancestry boys with autism by an exome-wide association study.
Age-related differences of genetic susceptibility to patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Genetic variation affects morphological retinal phenotypes extracted from UK Biobank optical coherence tomography images.
Genome-Wide Association of Genetic Variation in the PSCA Gene with Gastric Cancer Susceptibility in a Korean Population.
Genetic predictors of severe skin toxicity in stage III colon cancer patients treated with cetuximab: NCCTG N0147 (Alliance).
Genome-wide association study of suicidal behaviour severity in mood disorders.
A hypomorphic variant in EYS detected by genome-wide association study contributes toward retinitis pigmentosa.
Genetic Basis and Prognostic Value of Exercise QT Dynamics.
A large-scale association study detects novel rare variants, risk genes, functional elements, and polygenic architecture of prostate cancer susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study identifies loci for arterial stiffness index in 127,121 UK Biobank participants.
Novel Alzheimer Disease Risk Loci and Pathways in African American Individuals Using the African Genome Resources Panel: A Meta-analysis.
A web-based survey on various symptoms of computer vision syndrome and the genetic understanding based on a multi-trait genome-wide association study.
A large-scale genome-wide association study meta-analysis of cannabis use disorder.
Genetic risk factors for colorectal cancer in multiethnic Indonesians.
Genome-wide survival study identifies a novel synaptic locus and polygenic score for cognitive progression in Parkinson's disease.
Genome-wide association analysis of opioid use disorder: A novel approach using clinical data.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Childhood Body Fatness.
Low frequency variants associated with leukocyte telomere length in the Singapore Chinese population.
Genome-wide association study of neck circumference identifies sex-specific loci independent of generalized adiposity.
Effect of longevity genetic variants on the molecular aging rate.
Ethnic similarities in genetic polymorphisms associated with atrial fibrillation: Far East Asian vs European populations.
Novel Genetic Variant Predicts Surgical Recurrence Risk in Crohn's Disease Patients.
The Impact of Removing Former Drinkers from Genome-wide Association Studies of AUDIT-C.
Genome wide association study identifies four loci for early onset schizophrenia.
Genome-wide association study of mitochondrial copy number.
Variants at the MHC Region Associate With Susceptibility to <i>Clostridioides difficile</i> Infection: A Genome-Wide Association Study Using Comprehensive Electronic Health Records.
The spectrum of association in HLA region with rheumatoid arthritis in a diverse Asian population: evidence from the MyEIRA case-control study.
Genome-wide association study of hospitalized COVID-19 patients in the United Arab Emirates.
Integrative Genomics Analysis Reveals a 21q22.11 Locus Contributing Risk to COVID-19.
A genome-wide association study for melatonin secretion.
Genome-wide association study of INDELs identified four novel susceptibility loci associated with lung cancer risk.
A genome-wide association study of severe asthma exacerbations in Latino children and adolescents.
Combined genetic analysis of juvenile idiopathic arthritis clinical subtypes identifies novel risk loci, target genes and key regulatory mechanisms.
A GWAS identifies novel gene associations with facial skin wrinkling and mole count in Latin-Americans.
Identifying loci with different allele frequencies among cases of eight psychiatric disorders using CC-GWAS.
A genome-wide association study of serum proteins reveals shared loci with common diseases.
Genome-Wide Association of Kidney Traits in Hispanics/Latinos Using Dense Imputed Whole-Genome Sequencing Data: The Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.
Genomic analysis of germline variation associated with survival of colorectal cancer patients treated with chemotherapy plus biologics in CALGB/SWOG 80405 (Alliance).
Identification of novel risk loci and causal insights for sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease: a genome-wide association study.
The genetic architecture of appendicular lean mass characterized by association analysis in the UK Biobank study.
Shared Genetic Architecture and Causal Relationship Between Asthma and Cardiovascular Diseases: A Large-Scale Cross-Trait Analysis.
Deciphering the genetic and epidemiological landscape of mitochondrial DNA abundance.
Unique motif shared by HLA-B*59:01 and HLA-B*55:02 is associated with methazolamide-induced Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis in Han Chinese.
Investigating the genetic architecture of noncognitive skills using GWAS-by-subtraction.
Whole-exome imputation within UK Biobank powers rare coding variant association and fine-mapping analyses.
Genetic contributions to female gout and hyperuricemia using genome-wide association study and polygenic risk score analyses.
Genome sequencing analysis identifies new loci associated with Lewy body dementia and provides insights into its genetic architecture.
Genetic factors influencing a neurobiological substrate for psychiatric disorders.
Meta-analysis of sub-Saharan African studies provides insights into genetic architecture of lipid traits.
CUX2, BRAP and ALDH2 are associated with metabolic traits in people with excessive alcohol consumption.
Genome-wide gene-bisphenol A, F and triclosan interaction analyses on urinary oxidative stress markers.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies new Eosinophilic esophagitis loci.
Urate, Blood Pressure, and Cardiovascular Disease: Evidence From Mendelian Randomization and Meta-Analysis of Clinical Trials.
Discovery and fine-mapping of height loci via high-density imputation of GWASs in individuals of African ancestry.
Symptom-level modelling unravels the shared genetic architecture of anxiety and depression.
Identification of novel locus associated with coronary artery aneurysms and validation of loci for susceptibility to Kawasaki disease.
Genome-wide association study of serum metabolites in the African American Study of Kidney Disease and Hypertension.
Genetic Variants Related to Cardiometabolic Traits Are Associated to B Cell Function, Insulin Resistance, and Diabetes Among AmeriCan Indians: The Strong Heart Family Study.
Comparison of Genome-Wide Association Scans for Quantitative and Observational Measures of Human Hair Curvature.
Quantitative and qualitative role of antagonistic heterogeneity in genetics of blood lipids.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifying SVEP1 Variant as a Predictor of Response to Tolvaptan for Cirrhotic Ascites.
The PAX1 locus at 20p11 is a potential genetic modifier for bilateral cleft lip.
Genome-wide association study reveals susceptibility loci for self-reported headache in a large community-based Asian population.
Common haplotypes at the CFH locus and low-frequency variants in CFHR2 and CFHR5 associate with systemic FHR concentrations and age-related macular degeneration.
Common variants in SOX-2 and congenital cataract genes contribute to age-related nuclear cataract.
An exome-wide rare variant analysis of Korean men identifies three novel genes predisposing to prostate cancer.
Characterization of Genetic Risk of End-Stage Knee Osteoarthritis Treated with Total Knee Arthroplasty: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genetic Modifiers of Age at Onset for Parkinson's Disease in Asians: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
Congenital heart disease risk loci identified by genome-wide association study in European patients.
Class II HLA Variants Associate with Risk of Pegaspargase Hypersensitivity.
New susceptibility alleles associated with severe coronary artery stenosis in the Lebanese population.
Analysis of MRI-derived spleen iron in the UK Biobank identifies genetic variation linked to iron homeostasis and hemolysis.
Genetic determinants of survival in progressive supranuclear palsy: a genome-wide association study.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies LINC01184/SLC12A2 As Risk Locus for Skin and Soft Tissue Infections.
Metabolomic signatures for the longitudinal reduction of muscle strength over 10 years.
Looking for Sunshine: Genetic Predisposition to Sun-Seeking in 265,000 Individuals of European Ancestry.
Genome-Wide Association Identifies Risk Pathways for SAPHO Syndrome.
Analysis of overlapping genetic association in type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of stage III/IV grade C periodontitis (former aggressive periodontitis) in a Spanish population.
Large-Scale Phenomic and Genomic Analysis of Brain Asymmetrical Skew.
Novel Risk Loci in Tinnitus and Causal Inference With Neuropsychiatric Disorders Among Adults of European Ancestry.
Identifying genetic variants for age of migraine onset in a Han Chinese population in Taiwan.
In search of rare variants: preliminary results from whole genome sequencing of 1,325 individuals with psychophysiological endophenotypes.
Genetic association study of childhood aggression across raters, instruments, and age.
Causal relationship and shared genetic loci between psoriasis and type 2 diabetes through trans-disease meta-analysis.
Bivariate genome-wide association analysis identified three pleiotropic loci underlying osteoporosis and obesity.
Genome-wide association study identifies new loci associated with noise-induced tinnitus in Chinese populations.
Eight novel susceptibility loci and putative causal variants in atopic dermatitis.
Identification of susceptibility loci for cardiovascular disease in adults with hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide association analyses of white blood cell and platelet traits in the Population Architecture using Genomics and Epidemiology (PAGE) study.
The Genetic Architecture of Depression in Individuals of East Asian Ancestry: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide analysis of 944 133 individuals provides insights into the etiology of haemorrhoidal disease.
Integrative analysis of the Inflammatory Bowel Disease serum metabolome improves our understanding of genetic etiology and points to novel putative therapeutic targets.
Aberrant MCM10 SUMOylation induces genomic instability mediated by a genetic variant associated with survival of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.
MEPE loss-of-function variant associates with decreased bone mineral density and increased fracture risk.
A large-scale genome-wide association analysis of lung function in the Chinese population identifies novel loci and highlights shared genetic etiology with obesity.
Genome-wide association study of epilepsy in a Japanese population identified an associated region at chromosome 12q24.
Genetic variation in cervical preinvasive and invasive disease: a genome-wide association study.
Multivariate analysis of 1.5 million people identifies genetic associations with traits related to self-regulation and addiction.
Genome-Wide Association Analyses Identify Variants in <i>IRF4</i> Associated With Acute Myeloid Leukemia and Myelodysplastic Syndrome Susceptibility.
Genetic and demographic predisposing factors associated with pediatric sleepwalking in the Philadelphia Neurodevelopmental Cohort.
Genome-wide Association study of Asthma, Total IgE, and Lung function in a Cohort of Peruvian Children.
Germline variants and breast cancer survival in patients with distant metastases at primary breast cancer diagnosis.
Whole-exome sequencing reveals common and rare variants in immunologic and neurological genes implicated in achalasia.
Genetic Variants Associated With Rotator Cuff Tearing Utilizing Multiple Population-Based Genetic Resources.
Association of Variants Near the Bradykinin Receptor B<sub>2</sub> Gene With Angioedema in Patients Taking ACE Inhibitors.
Genome-wide association study identifies 16 genomic regions associated with circulating cytokines at birth.
Genome-wide Association Study Identifies 2 New Loci Associated With Anti-NMDAR Encephalitis.
Discovery, fine-mapping, and conditional analyses of genetic variants associated with C-reactive protein in multiethnic populations using the Metabochip in the Population Architecture using Genomics and Epidemiology (PAGE) study.
Genome-wide association study of cardiac troponin I in the general population.
Analysis of Genetic Association of Intestinal Permeability in Healthy First-degree Relatives of Patients with Crohn's Disease.
Cerebrospinal fluid metabolomics identifies 19 brain-related phenotype associations.
Whole genome sequencing in the Middle Eastern Qatari population identifies genetic associations with 45 clinically relevant traits.
Effect of host genetics on the gut microbiome in 7,738 participants of the Dutch Microbiome Project.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Estradiol Levels, and the Causal Effect of Estradiol on Bone Mineral Density.
Genetic Variants Associated with Acamprosate Treatment Response in Alcohol Use Disorder Patients: A Multiple Omics Study.
Genome-Wide Association Study of NAFLD Using Electronic Health Records.
Novel recessive locus for body mass index in childhood asthma.
Genetic analysis in African American children supports ancestry specific neuroblastoma susceptibility.
Genome-wide analysis of blood lipid metabolites in over 5000 South Asians reveals biological insights at cardiometabolic disease loci.
Genome-wide association analysis of serum alanine and aspartate aminotransferase, and the modifying effects of BMI in 388k European individuals.
Genetic determinants of blood-cell traits influence susceptibility to childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Identification of genetic variants for blood insulin level in sex-stratified Korean population and evaluation of the causal relationship between blood insulin level and polycystic ovary syndrome.
A common variant in 11q23.3 associated with hyperlipidemia is mediated by the binding and regulation of GATA4.
Sex-Dependent Shared and Nonshared Genetic Architecture Across Mood and Psychotic Disorders.
Vertex-wise multivariate genome-wide association study identifies 780 unique genetic loci associated with cortical morphology.
Association of Novel Loci With Keratoconus Susceptibility in a Multitrait Genome-Wide Association Study of the UK Biobank Database and Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging.
Genetic variation in genes regulating skeletal muscle regeneration and tissue remodelling associated with weight loss in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide analysis identifies a novel LINC-PINT splice variant associated with vascular amyloid pathology in Alzheimer's disease.
The trans-ancestral genomic architecture of glycemic traits.
Genome scans of facial features in East Africans and cross-population comparisons reveal novel associations.
Genome-wide association study and polygenic risk score analysis for hearing measures in children.
Plasma amyloid β levels are driven by genetic variants near APOE, BACE1, APP, PSEN2: A genome-wide association study in over 12,000 non-demented participants.
Fine-mapping, trans-ancestral and genomic analyses identify causal variants, cells, genes and drug targets for type 1 diabetes.
Identification of fifty-seven novel loci for abdominal wall hernia development and their biological and clinical implications: results from the UK Biobank.
Uniting biobank resources reveals novel genetic pathways modulating susceptibility for atopic dermatitis.
Discovery of rare variants associated with blood pressure regulation through meta-analysis of 1.3 million individuals.
Genome-wide Association Study for Alcohol-related Cirrhosis Identifies Risk Loci in MARC1 and HNRNPUL1.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Metamizole-Induced Agranulocytosis in European Populations.
Functional Haplotype of <i>LIPC</i> Induces Triglyceride-Mediated Suppression of HDL-C Levels According to Genome-Wide Association Studies.
Genome-wide association studies of exacerbations in children using long-acting beta2-agonists.
Genetic risk factors in drug-induced liver injury due to isoniazid-containing anti-tuberculosis drug regimens.
A multi-ethnic genome-wide association study implicates collagen matrix integrity and cell differentiation pathways in keratoconus.
Variants in NEB and RIF1 genes on chr2q23 are associated with skeletal muscle index in Koreans: genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association analysis in dilated cardiomyopathy reveals two new players in systolic heart failure on chromosomes 3p25.1 and 22q11.23.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder in a Diverse Cohort of US Veterans.
A UGT1A1 variant is associated with serum total bilirubin levels, which are causal for hypertension in African-ancestry individuals.
A genome-wide association study of plasma phosphorylated tau181.
Soluble CD14 Levels in the Jackson Heart Study: Associations With Cardiovascular Disease Risk and Genetic Variants.
Common variants in Alzheimer's disease and risk stratification by polygenic risk scores.
Multiethnic meta-analysis identifies ancestry-specific and cross-ancestry loci for pulmonary function.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis identifies new loci associated with longitudinal blood pressure traits.
Genome-wide association study implicates immune dysfunction in the development of Hodgkin lymphoma.
Evidence for specificity of polygenic contributions to attainment in English, maths and science during adolescence.
Multitrait genome association analysis identifies new susceptibility genes for human anthropometric variation in the GCAT cohort.
The genetics of smoking in individuals with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide association studies of brain imaging phenotypes in UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel recessive genetic variants for high TGs in an Arab population.
Association of common genetic variants with brain microbleeds: A Genome-wide Association Study.
CETP (Cholesteryl Ester Transfer Protein) Concentration: A Genome-Wide Association Study Followed by Mendelian Randomization on Coronary Artery Disease.
Genome-wide association identifies a novel locus for delirium risk.
Identification of multiple genetic susceptibility loci in Takayasu arteritis.
A genetic perspective on the relationship between eudaimonic -and hedonic well-being.
Omega-3 Fatty Acids and Genome-wide Interaction Analyses Reveal DPP10-Pulmonary Function Association.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies SERPINB10, CRLF3, STX7, LAMP3, IFNG-AS1 and KRT80 As Risk Loci Contributing to Cutaneous Leishmaniasis In Brazil.
Common variants at 5q33.1 predispose to migraine in African-American children.
Genome-wide association study in Chinese cohort identifies one novel hypospadias risk associated locus at 12q13.13.
Risk variants and polygenic architecture of disruptive behavior disorders in the context of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Shared genetic pathways contribute to risk of hypertrophic and dilated cardiomyopathies with opposite directions of effect.
Assessing the causal association of glycine with risk of cardio-metabolic diseases.
Genome-wide association study of 23,500 individuals identifies 7 loci associated with brain ventricular volume.
A genome-wide association study on fish consumption in a Japanese population-the Japan Multi-Institutional Collaborative Cohort study.
Identification of nine new susceptibility loci for endometrial cancer.
Genome-wide association study of response to tumour necrosis factor inhibitor therapy in rheumatoid arthritis.
The eMERGE genotype set of 83,717 subjects imputed to ~40 million variants genome wide and association with the herpes zoster medical record phenotype.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Circadian Rhythmicity in 71,500 UK Biobank Participants and Polygenic Association with Mood Instability.
Genetic Association of Albuminuria with Cardiometabolic Disease and Blood Pressure.
Meta-Analysis of Genetic Influences on Initial Alcohol Sensitivity.
Biological annotation of genetic loci associated with intelligence in a meta-analysis of 87,740 individuals.
Intrinsic and extrinsic risk factors for sagging eyelids.
Identifying the genetic risk factors for treatment response to lurasidone by genome-wide association study: A meta-analysis of samples from three independent clinical trials.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 143 risk variants and putative regulatory mechanisms for type 2 diabetes.
Genetic variation in the SIM1 locus is associated with erectile dysfunction.
A Deep Learning Approach for Predicting Antidepressant Response in Major Depression Using Clinical and Genetic Biomarkers.
Identification of susceptibility pathways for the role of chromosome 15q25.1 in modifying lung cancer risk.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies BARX1 and EML4-MTA3 as new loci associated with infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis.
A genome-wide association study for extremely high intelligence.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with free triiodothyronine and thyroid-stimulating hormone.
Genetic influences on delayed reward discounting: A genome-wide prioritized subset approach.
Identification of the TIFAB Gene as a Susceptibility Locus for Coronary Artery Aneurysm in Patients with Kawasaki Disease.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis for early age-related macular degeneration highlights novel loci and insights for advanced disease.
A genome-wide association study identifying the SNPs predictive of rapid joint destruction in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
Association of Genetic Variation at AQP4 Locus with Vascular Depression.
Association of Genetic Variation With Keratoconus.
Genome-wide association analysis of diverticular disease points towards neuromuscular, connective tissue and epithelial pathomechanisms.
First Genome-Wide Association Study of Latent Autoimmune Diabetes in Adults Reveals Novel Insights Linking Immune and Metabolic Diabetes.
Genome-wide association study for multiple phenotype analysis.
Genetic Variants in CPA6 and PRPF31 are Associated with Variation in Response to Metformin in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of 158,000 individuals of European ancestry identifies three loci associated with chronic back pain.
Genome-wide association study of seasonal affective disorder.
Analysis of the genetic component of systemic sclerosis in Iranian and Turkish populations through a genome-wide association study.
Genetic study of multimodal imaging Alzheimer's disease progression score implicates novel loci.
Genome-Wide Association Analyses Identify New Loci Influencing Intraocular Pressure.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel loci for type 2 diabetes-attributed end-stage kidney disease in African Americans.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies a Genetic Prediction Model for Postoperative Survival in Patients with Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
Novel association between CDKAL1 and cholesterol efflux capacity: Replication after GWAS-based discovery.
Genetics of heart rate in heart failure patients (GenHRate).
Assessment of Novel Genome-Wide Significant Gene Loci and Lesion Growth in Geographic Atrophy Secondary to Age-Related Macular Degeneration.
Genomic Relationships, Novel Loci, and Pleiotropic Mechanisms across Eight Psychiatric Disorders.
Genome-wide analysis of carotid plaque burden suggests a role of IL5 in men.
Identification and functional analysis of glycemic trait loci in the China Health and Nutrition Survey.
Genome-wide association study of medication-use and associated disease in the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies pleiotropic risk loci for aerodigestive squamous cell cancers.
The Assessment of Interleukin-18 on the Risk of Coronary Heart Disease.
A population-specific low-frequency variant of SLC22A12 (p.W258*) explains nearby genome-wide association signals for serum uric acid concentrations among Koreans.
Identification of a BRCA2-specific modifier locus at 6p24 related to breast cancer risk.
A Social Determinant of Health May Modify Genetic Associations for Blood Pressure: Evidence From a SNP by Education Interaction in an African American Population.
GWAS Identifies 44 Independent Associated Genomic Loci for Self-Reported Adult Hearing Difficulty in UK Biobank.
Meta-analysis of Immunochip data of four autoimmune diseases reveals novel single-disease and cross-phenotype associations.
Large-scale Genome-wide Association Study of East Asians Identifies Loci Associated With Risk for Colorectal Cancer.
A Genetic Locus on Chromosome 2q24 Predicting Peripheral Neuropathy Risk in Type 2 Diabetes: Results From the ACCORD and BARI 2D Studies.
Identification of genetic loci affecting body mass index through interaction with multiple environmental factors using structured linear mixed model.
Eighty-eight variants highlight the role of T cell regulation and airway remodeling in asthma pathogenesis.
A variant near DHCR24 associates with microstructural properties of white matter and peripheral lipid metabolism in adolescents.
Meta-analysis identifies novel risk loci and yields systematic insights into the biology of male-pattern baldness.
A genome-wide association study in low susceptibility to hepatitis C virus infection (GEHEP012 Study).
A genome-Wide Association Study Confirming a Strong Effect of HLA and Identifying Variants in CSAD/lnc-ITGB7-1 on Chromosome 12q13.13 Associated with Susceptibility to Fulminant Type 1 Diabetes.
Pharmacogenomic Variants and Drug Interactions Identified Through the Genetic Analysis of Clozapine Metabolism.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in HLA alleles are associated with HIV-1 viral load in demographically diverse, ART-naïve participants from the START trial.
Association of the Polygenic Scores for Personality Traits and Response to Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder.
Genome-wide association study identifies Alzheimer's risk variant in MS4A6A influencing cerebrospinal fluid sTREM2 levels.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 44 risk variants and refine the genetic architecture of major depression.
Genome-wide association study of type 2 diabetes in Africa.
Genetic Survey of Adult-Onset Idiopathic Intracranial Hypertension.
GWAS reveals loci associated with velopharyngeal dysfunction.
Biological insights into multiple birth: genetic findings from UK Biobank.
Genetic Contributions to Health Literacy.
GWAS of bone size yields twelve loci that also affect height, BMD, osteoarthritis or fractures.
The genetics of circulating BDNF: towards understanding the role of BDNF in brain structure and function in middle and old ages.
Genetic associations with suicide attempt severity and genetic overlap with major depression.
Association analyses identify 31 new risk loci for colorectal cancer susceptibility.
Genome-wide association study identifies 48 common genetic variants associated with handedness.
Genetic Risk Score Constructed from Common Genetic Variants is Associated with Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Genome-wide meta-analysis identifies novel loci associated with age-related macular degeneration.
Pleiotropy informed adaptive association test of multiple traits using GWAS summary data.
Genome-wide association study of inhaled corticosteroid response in admixed children with asthma.
Genetic Background of Mesalamine-induced Fever and Diarrhea in Japanese Patients with Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Risk loci for coronary artery calcification replicated at 9p21 and 6q24 in the Heinz Nixdorf Recall Study.
A Comprehensive Genome-Wide and Phenome-Wide Examination of BMI and Obesity in a Northern Nevadan Cohort.
Identification of TYW3/CRYZ and FGD4 as susceptibility genes for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Genome-wide Analyses Identify KIF5A as a Novel ALS Gene.
Genetic risk of extranodal natural killer T-cell lymphoma: a genome-wide association study in multiple populations.
Functional multigenic variations associated with hodgkin lymphoma.
Overlapping common genetic architecture between major depressive disorders and anxiety and stress-related disorders.
A Germline Variant at 8q24 Contributes to the Serum p2PSA Level in a Chinese Prostate Biopsy Cohort.
Both rare and common genetic variants contribute to autism in the Faroe Islands.
Genome-wide analysis of thyroid function in Australian adolescents highlights SERPINA7 and NCOA3.
Assessing the impact of alcohol consumption on the genetic contribution to mean corpuscular volume.
Use of Deep-Learning Genomics to Discriminate Healthy Individuals from Those with Alzheimer's Disease or Mild Cognitive Impairment.
A genome-wide meta-analysis uncovers six sequence variants conferring risk of vertigo.
New genetic variants associated with major adverse cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes and treated with clopidogrel and aspirin.
Local genetic variation of inflammatory bowel disease in Basque population and its effect in risk prediction.
Genetic common variants associated with cerebellar volume and their overlap with mental disorders: a study on 33,265 individuals from the UK-Biobank.
Genomewide association analysis of warfarin dose requirements in Middle Eastern and North African populations.
A genomewide association study on individuals with occludable angles identifies potential risk loci for intraocular pressure.
Deciphering osteoarthritis genetics across 826,690 individuals from 9 populations.
Exploring the role of low-frequency and rare exonic variants in alcohol and tobacco use.
Genome-Wide Meta-analysis Identifies Genetic Variants Associated With Glycemic Response to Sulfonylureas.
Preliminary study of genome-wide association identifies novel susceptibility genes for serum mineral elements in the Chinese Han population.
Genome-Wide Association of Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin Type 9 Plasma Levels in the ELSA-Brasil Study.
The influence of X chromosome variants on trait neuroticism.
Genetic Profile of Endotoxemia Reveals an Association With Thromboembolism and Stroke.
Meta-analysis of exome array data identifies six novel genetic loci for lung function.
Novel genetic variants associated with mortality after unrelated donor allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplantation.
Germline determinants of humoral immune response to HPV-16 protect against oropharyngeal cancer.
A genome-wide association study of radiotherapy induced toxicity in head and neck cancer patients identifies a susceptibility locus associated with mucositis.
Genome-Wide Linkage and Association Study of Childhood Gender Nonconformity in Males.
Genetic predisposition to tinnitus in the UK Biobank population.
Shared genetic etiology and causality between body fat percentage and cardiovascular diseases: a large-scale genome-wide cross-trait analysis.
Bevacizumab-induced hypertension and proteinuria: a genome-wide study of more than 1000 patients.
Population-based genetic effects for developmental stuttering.
The association of genetically determined serum glycine with cardiovascular risk in East Asians.
High-throughput screening and genome-wide analyses of 44 anticancer drugs in the 1000 Genomes cell lines reveals an association of the NQO1 gene with the response of multiple anticancer drugs.
Vitamin D and the Risks of Depression and Anxiety: An Observational Analysis and Genome-Wide Environment Interaction Study.
Genome-wide Association Study Identified Chromosome 8 Locus Associated with Medication-related Osteonecrosis of the Jaw.
GWAS and ExWAS of blood Mitochondrial DNA copy number identifies 71 loci and highlights a potential causal role in dementia.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Non-syndromic Orofacial Clefts in a Multiethnic Sample of Families and Controls Identifies Novel Regions.
Dissecting the Shared Genetic Architecture of Suicide Attempt, Psychiatric Disorders, and Known Risk Factors.
Plasma Vitamin C and Type 2 Diabetes: Genome-Wide Association Study and Mendelian Randomization Analysis in European Populations.
Genome-wide association study of colorectal polyps identified highly overlapping polygenic architecture with colorectal cancer.
Genetic Link Determining the Maternal-Fetal Circulation of Vitamin D.
Genome-wide association study of liver enzyme elevation in rheumatoid arthritis patients starting methotrexate.
The genetic architecture of language functional connectivity.
Sex-specific genetic factors affect the risk of early-onset periodontitis in Europeans.
Association of germline genetic variants with breast cancer-specific survival in patient subgroups defined by clinic-pathological variables related to tumor biology and type of systemic treatment.
Common and Rare <i>PCSK9</i> Variants Associated with Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Levels and the Risk of Diabetes Mellitus: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
Analyses of biomarker traits in diverse UK biobank participants identify associations missed by European-centric analysis strategies.
Genetic determinants of glycated hemoglobin levels in the Greenlandic Inuit population.
A genome-wide association study with 1,126,563 individuals identifies new risk loci for Alzheimer's disease.
Genome-wide association studies of 27 accelerometry-derived physical activity measurements identified novel loci and genetic mechanisms.
Genome-wide association study of psychiatric and substance use comorbidity in Mexican individuals.
The genetic case for cardiorespiratory fitness as a clinical vital sign and the routine prescription of physical activity in healthcare.
A comprehensive analysis of SNPs and CNVs identifies novel markers associated with disease outcomes in colorectal cancer.
Genetic Risk Score for Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D Concentration Helps to Guide Personalized Vitamin D Supplementation in Healthy Finnish Adults.
Genetic Susceptibility to Pneumonia: A GWAS Meta-Analysis Between the UK Biobank and FinnGen.
ARRDC4 and UBXN1: Novel Target Genes Correlated with Prostate Cancer Gleason Score.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Sleep Disturbances in Depressive Disorders.
Robust Performance of Potentially Functional SNPs in Machine Learning Models for the Prediction of Atorvastatin-Induced Myalgia.
Identification of Two Novel Candidate Genetic Variants Associated With the Responsiveness to Influenza Vaccination.
Assessment of the genetic and clinical determinants of fracture risk: genome wide association and mendelian randomisation study.
Genome-wide association analyses of chronotype in 697,828 individuals provides insights into circadian rhythms.
A Large Multi-ethnic Genome-Wide Association Study of Adult Body Mass Index Identifies Novel Loci.
GWAS for Interleukin-1β levels in gingival crevicular fluid identifies IL37 variants in periodontal inflammation.
Investigation of the Predisposing Factor of Pemphigus and its clinical subtype through a Genome-wide association and next generation sequence analysis.
Studying the effects of haplotype partitioning methods on the RA-associated genomic results from the North American Rheumatoid Arthritis Consortium (NARAC) dataset.
Enrichment of B cell receptor signaling and epidermal growth factor receptor pathways in monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance: a genome-wide genetic interaction study.
A genome-wide association study of skin and iris pigmentation among individuals of South Asian ancestry.
Meta-Analysis of Genomewide Association Studies Reveals Genetic Variants for Hip Bone Geometry.
Genome Wide Association Study Reveals Novel Genetic Loci Associated With Change in Renal Function in Heart Transplant Recipients.
Genetic Architecture of Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm in the Million Veteran Program.
Genome-wide mapping of plasma protein QTLs identifies putatively causal genes and pathways for cardiovascular disease.
An initial genetic analysis of gemcitabine-induced high-grade neutropenia in pancreatic cancer patients CALGB 80303 (Alliance).
Examination of the shared genetic basis of anorexia nervosa and obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Gamma-aminobutyric acid transaminase genetic polymorphism is a candidate locus for responsiveness to opioid analgesics in patients with cancer pain: An exploratory study.
Genetic contributions to two special factors of neuroticism are associated with affluence, higher intelligence, better health, and longer life.
Joint genome-wide association study of progressive supranuclear palsy identifies novel susceptibility loci and genetic correlation to neurodegenerative diseases.
Genetic Associations with Weight Gain among South Africans who Initiated Dolutegravir- and Tenofovir-containing Regimens.
Age-specific genome-wide association study in glioblastoma identifies increased proportion of 'lower grade glioma'-like features associated with younger age.
Genome-wide association study of lung function and clinical implication in heavy smokers.
Genetic influence on scar height and pliability after burn injury in individuals of European ancestry: A prospective cohort study.
Genomic Association Study for Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease.
A genome-wide association study of energy intake and expenditure.
Genetic variation in PLEKHG1 is associated with white matter hyperintensities (n = 11,226).
Genome-wide analysis suggests the importance of vascular processes and neuroinflammation in late-life antidepressant response.
A genome-wide association study identifies three novel genetic markers for response to tamoxifen: A prospective multicenter study.
Rare variants in the DNA repair pathway and the risk of colorectal cancer.
A Genome-Wide Association Study in Human Lymphoblastoid Cells Supports Safety of Mitochondrial Complex I Inhibitor.
Genome-wide association study identifies two risk loci for tuberculosis in Han Chinese.
Genome-wide association study of developmental dysplasia of the hip identifies an association with GDF5.
Pilot genome-wide association study identifying novel risk loci for type 2 diabetes in a Maya population.
A Potential Role for the STXBP5-AS1 Gene in Adult ADHD Symptoms.
A comprehensive evaluation of the genetic architecture of sudden cardiac arrest.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals KCTD12 and miR-383-binding genes in the background of rumination.
Influence of common and rare genetic variation on warfarin dose among African-Americans and European-Americans using the exome array.
Genetic Variants Associated with Circulating Fibroblast Growth Factor 23.
The Korea Biobank Array: Design and Identification of Coding Variants Associated with Blood Biochemical Traits.
Association of a Schizophrenia-Risk Nonsynonymous Variant With Putamen Volume in Adolescents: A Voxelwise and Genome-Wide Association Study.
Biobank-driven genomic discovery yields new insight into atrial fibrillation biology.
Brain scans from 21,297 individuals reveal the genetic architecture of hippocampal subfield volumes.
Genome-wide association study of germline variants and breast cancer-specific mortality.
GRK5 is associated with the regulation of methadone dosage in heroin dependence.
A Genome-wide Association Study on Confection Consumption in a Japanese Population- The Japan Multi-Institutional Collaborative Cohort study.
Genome-wide Association Analysis of Eye Movement Dysfunction in Schizophrenia.
Novel genetic locus of visceral fat and systemic inflammation.
Genome-wide association studies identify susceptibility loci for epithelial ovarian cancer in east Asian women.
Genomewide association study for C-reactive protein in Indians replicates known associations of common variants.
Genetic effects on information processing speed are moderated by age--converging results from three samples.
Common genetic variants have associations with human cortical brain regions and risk of schizophrenia.
Type 1 Diabetes Risk in African-Ancestry Participants and Utility of an Ancestry-Specific Genetic Risk Score.
A GWAS identifies gastric cancer susceptibility loci at 12q24.11-12 and 20q11.21.
Latent trait modeling of tau neuropathology in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Genome-wide association study of cognitive flexibility assessed by the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test.
Genomewide association study of C-peptide surfaces key regulatory genes in Indians.
Role of the Complement System in Chronic Central Serous Chorioretinopathy: A Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of 30,000 samples identifies seven novel loci for quantitative ECG traits.
Parkinson's disease age at onset genome-wide association study: Defining heritability, genetic loci, and α-synuclein mechanisms.
Genome-Wide Association Study Links Receptor Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor Sprouty 2 to Thrombocytopenia after Coronary Artery Bypass Surgery.
Anastrozole Aromatase Inhibitor Plasma Drug Concentration Genome-Wide Association Study: Functional Epistatic Interaction between SLC38A7 and ALPPL2.
The molecular genetics of hand preference revisited.
A Genome Wide Association Study For Shoulder Impingement and Rotator Cuff Disease.
The 2018 Otto Aufranc Award: How Does Genome-wide Variation Affect Osteolysis Risk After THA?
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of functional outcome after ischemic stroke.
Genetic overlap of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and cardiovascular disease-related traits: a large-scale genome-wide cross-trait analysis.
Clinical and Genome-Wide Analysis of Cisplatin-Induced Tinnitus Implicates Novel Ototoxic Mechanisms.
A meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies three loci associated with stiffness index of the calcaneus.
Genome-Wide Association Study Reveals Genetic Link between Diarrhea-Associated Entamoeba histolytica Infection and Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Influence of Genetic and Non-Genetic Risk Factors for Serum Uric Acid Levels and Hyperuricemia in Mexicans.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of cocaine dependence: Shared genetics with comorbid conditions.
GWAS of QRS duration identifies new loci specific to Hispanic/Latino populations.
Genotypic variability based association identifies novel non-additive loci DHCR7 and IRF4 in sero-negative rheumatoid arthritis.
Genome-Wide Association Study Confirming the Association of NAT2 with Susceptibility to Anti-tuberculosis Drug-Induced Liver Injury in Thai Patients.
CFH and VIPR2 as susceptibility loci in choroidal thickness and pachychoroid disease central serous chorioretinopathy.
Common schizophrenia alleles are enriched in mutation-intolerant genes and in regions under strong background selection.
A Trans-Ethnic Genome-Wide Association Study of Uterine Fibroids.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis yields 20 loci associated with gallstone disease.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of cognitive empathy: heritability, and correlates with sex, neuropsychiatric conditions and cognition.
Genome-wide survey of copy number variants finds MAPT duplications in progressive supranuclear palsy.
Exome-chip meta-analysis identifies association between variation in ANKRD26 and platelet aggregation.
Variation at the TRIM11 locus modifies Progressive Supranuclear Palsy phenotype.
GWAS identifying HLA-DPB1 gene variants associated with responsiveness to hepatitis B virus vaccination in Koreans: Independent association of HLA-DPB1*04:02 possessing rs1042169 G - rs9277355 C - rs9277356 A.
Genetic susceptibility markers for a breast-colorectal cancer phenotype: Exploratory results from genome-wide association studies.
Genome-wide association study identifies seven novel loci associating with circulating cytokines and cell adhesion molecules in Finns.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Serum Fructosamine and Glycated Albumin in Adults Without Diagnosed Diabetes: Results from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities Study.
Genomics and response to long-term oxygen therapy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Genome-wide association study of brain amyloid deposition as measured by Pittsburgh Compound-B (PiB)-PET imaging.
Heritability estimates of individual psychological distress symptoms from genetic variation.
Genetic variations and risk of placental abruption: A genome-wide association study and meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies.
Protein and fat intake interacts with the haplotype of PTPN11_rs11066325, RPH3A_rs886477, and OAS3_rs2072134 to modulate serum HDL concentrations in middle-aged people.
Low-frequency and rare exome chip variants associate with fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes susceptibility.
GWAS and colocalization analyses implicate carotid intima-media thickness and carotid plaque loci in cardiovascular outcomes.
A PRPH splice-donor variant associates with reduced sural nerve amplitude and risk of peripheral neuropathy.
GBA and APOE ε4 associate with sporadic dementia with Lewy bodies in European genome wide association study.
Group IIA Secretory Phospholipase A2 and Incident Cardiovascular Disease.
A Genome-Wide Functional Genomics Approach Identifies Susceptibility Pathways to Fungal Bloodstream Infection in Humans.
Genetic Association of Finger Photoplethysmography-Derived Arterial Stiffness Index With Blood Pressure and Coronary Artery Disease.
Single nucleotide polymorphism heritability and differential patterns of genetic overlap between inattention and four neurocognitive factors in youth.
CORR® ORS Richard A. Brand Award: Disruption in Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor-γ (PPARG) Increases Osteonecrosis Risk Through Genetic Variance and Pharmacologic Modulation.
Genome-wide association analyses identify 139 loci associated with macular thickness in the UK Biobank cohort.
Germline variants and somatic mutation signatures of breast cancer across populations of African and European ancestry in the US and Nigeria.
Genome-wide association study of resistance to Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection identifies a locus at 10q26.2 in three distinct populations.
Genetic variation at the glycosaminoglycan metabolism pathway contributes to the risk of psoriatic arthritis but not psoriasis.
Exome chip-driven association study of lipidemia in >14,000 Koreans and evaluation of genetic effect on identified variants between different ethnic groups.
Characterization of DSM-IV Opioid Dependence Among Individuals of European Ancestry.
Common genetic variants and modifiable risk factors underpin hypertrophic cardiomyopathy susceptibility and expressivity.
Heritability informed power optimization (HIPO) leads to enhanced detection of genetic associations across multiple traits.
Genome-wide identification of the shared genetic basis of cannabis and cigarette smoking and schizophrenia implicates NCAM1 and neuronal abnormality.
Genome-wide association study of intracranial aneurysms identifies 17 risk loci and genetic overlap with clinical risk factors.
Large-scale meta-analysis across East Asian and European populations updated genetic architecture and variant-driven biology of rheumatoid arthritis, identifying 11 novel susceptibility loci.
Enhanced Contribution of HLA in Pediatric Onset Ulcerative Colitis.
Genome-wide association analyses identify two susceptibility loci for pachychoroid disease central serous chorioretinopathy.
Multivariate genome-wide analysis of immunoglobulin G N-glycosylation identifies new loci pleiotropic with immune function.
A genome-wide association study identifies single nucleotide polymorphisms associated with time-to-metastasis in colorectal cancer.
Genetic Determinants of Circulating Glycine Levels and Risk of Coronary Artery Disease.
Genetic variation in WNT9B increases relapse hazard in multiple sclerosis.
Lack of association of genetic variants for diabetic retinopathy in Taiwanese patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Genome-wide association study of the sensitivity to environmental stress and adversity (SESA) neuroticism cluster.
Genome-wide Meta-analysis Identifies Novel Susceptibility Loci for Autoimmune Hepatitis Type 1.
Analysis of the genetic variants associated with circulating levels of sgp130. Results from the IMPROVE study.
A genome-wide association meta-analysis of prognostic outcomes following cognitive behavioural therapy in individuals with anxiety and depressive disorders.
Genome-wide association study of cognitive performance in U.S. veterans with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder.
Moderate-to-severe asthma in individuals of European ancestry: a genome-wide association study.
Genetic determinants of daytime napping and effects on cardiometabolic health.
The derived allele of a novel intergenic variant at chromosome 11 associates with lower body mass index and a favorable metabolic phenotype in Greenlanders.
Multiple rare and common variants in APOB gene locus associated with oxidatively modified low-density lipoprotein levels.
Biological insights from multi-omic analysis of 31 genomic risk loci for adult hearing difficulty.
Pharmacogenomics of the Efficacy and Safety of Colchicine in COLCOT.
Sex specific associations in genome wide association analysis of renal cell carcinoma.
Identification of genetic factors influencing metabolic dysregulation and retinal support for MacTel, a retinal disorder.
An Intergenic Variant rs9268877 Between HLA-DRA and HLA-DRB Contributes to the Clinical Course and Long-term Outcome of Ulcerative Colitis.
HLA-DQ and HLA-DRB1 alleles associated with Henoch-Schönlein purpura nephritis in Finnish pediatric population: a genome-wide association study.
Identification of 38 novel loci for systemic lupus erythematosus and genetic heterogeneity between ancestral groups.
A commonly occurring genetic variant within the NPLOC4-TSPAN10-PDE6G gene cluster is associated with the risk of strabismus.
CYP3A7*1C allele: linking premenopausal oestrone and progesterone levels with risk of hormone receptor-positive breast cancers.
Common-variant associations with fragile X syndrome.
Genetic Variants Associated With Anxiety and Stress-Related Disorders: A Genome-Wide Association Study and Mouse-Model Study.
Genome-wide analyses of smoking behaviors in schizophrenia: Findings from the Psychiatric Genomics Consortium.
Genome-wide association study of prevalent and persistent cervical high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV) infection.
Genome-wide association study identifies candidate loci associated with chronic pain and postherpetic neuralgia.
Host genome wide association study of infant susceptibility to <i>Shigella</i>-associated diarrhea.
Heritability and Genome-Wide Association Analyses of Serum Uric Acid in Middle and Old-Aged Chinese Twins.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of muscle weakness identifies 15 susceptibility loci in older men and women.
Variants in ABCG8 and TRAF3 genes confer risk for gallstone disease in admixed Latinos with Mapuche Native American ancestry.
Depression in multiple sclerosis patients associated with risk variant near NEGR1.
Ethnic and trans-ethnic genome-wide association studies identify new loci influencing Japanese Alzheimer's disease risk.
Using phenotype risk scores to enhance gene discovery for generalized anxiety disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder.
Associations between COVID-19 and skin conditions identified through epidemiology and genomic studies.
Exome-wide analysis identifies three low-frequency missense variants associated with pancreatic cancer risk in Chinese populations.
Genome-wide association analysis of HDL-C in a Lebanese cohort.
Genome-wide association study in almost 195,000 individuals identifies 50 previously unidentified genetic loci for eye color.
Pharmacogenomic Profile and Adverse Drug Reactions in a Prospective Therapeutic Cohort of Chagas Disease Patients Treated with Benznidazole.
Genome-wide association study of shared liability to anxiety disorders in Army STARRS.
Potential role of regulatory DNA variants in modifying the risk of severe cutaneous reactions induced by aromatic anti-seizure medications.
Replication of HLA class II locus association with susceptibility to podoconiosis in three Ethiopian ethnic groups.
A genome-wide association study on photic sneeze syndrome in a Japanese population.
Circulating Adiponectin and Its Association with Metabolic Traits and Type 2 Diabetes: Gene-Diet Interactions Focusing on Selected Gene Variants and at the Genome-Wide Level in High-Cardiovascular Risk Mediterranean Subjects.
Association of TIM-1 (T-Cell Immunoglobulin and Mucin Domain 1) With Incidence of Stroke.
Genetic determinants of glucose levels in pregnancy: genetic risk scores analysis and GWAS in the Norwegian STORK cohort
New Common and Rare Variants Influencing Metabolic Syndrome and Its Individual Components in a Korean Population.
A variant at 9q34.11 is associated with HLA-DQB1*06:02 negative essential hypersomnia.
Common variants on 6q16.2, 12q24.31 and 16p13.3 are associated with major depressive disorder.
Genetic Variants Influencing Plasma Renin Activity in Hypertensive Patients From the PEAR Study (Pharmacogenomic Evaluation of Antihypertensive Responses).
CCDC102B confers risk of low vision and blindness in high myopia.
Genome-Wide Gene-Environment Interaction Analysis Using Set-Based Association Tests.
Common coding variant in SERPINA1 increases the risk for large artery stroke.
Heritability and genetic associations of triglyceride and HDL-C levels using pedigree-based and empirical kinships.
Interaction between <i>G</i> <i>ALNT12</i> and <i>C1GALT1</i> Associates with Galactose-Deficient IgA1 and IgA Nephropathy.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analysis Identifies Three Novel Susceptibility Loci and Reveals Ethnic Heterogeneity of Genetic Susceptibility for IgA Nephropathy.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for B-cell childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Investigation of parent-of-origin effects induced by fenofibrate treatment on triglycerides levels.
An APOO Pseudogene on Chromosome 5q Is Associated With Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Levels.
Facial Wrinkles in Europeans: a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Two high-risk susceptibility loci at 6p25.3 and 14q32.13 for Waldenström macroglobulinemia.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Susceptibility Loci for Radiation-Induced Brain Injury.
Sex Differences in Genetic Associations With Longevity.
Family-based exome-wide association study of childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia among Hispanics confirms role of ARID5B in susceptibility.
Novel Genetic Variants Associated With Increased Vertebral Volumetric BMD, Reduced Vertebral Fracture Risk, and Increased Expression of SLC1A3 and EPHB2.
Variants in Immune-related Genes and Genital HPV 16 Persistence in Men.
Genome-wide association study of alcohol consumption and use disorder in 274,424 individuals from multiple populations.
Genome-wide association study of blood lipids in Indians confirms universality of established variants.
GWAS and systems biology analysis of depressive symptoms among smokers from the COPDGene cohort.
Novel Risk Loci Identified in a Genome-Wide Association Study of Urolithiasis in a Japanese Population.
Identification of 22 novel loci associated with urinary biomarkers of albumin, sodium, and potassium excretion.
Identification of SAMD9L as a susceptibility locus for intravenous immunoglobulin resistance in Kawasaki disease by genome-wide association analysis.
Human brain arousal in the resting state: a genome-wide association study.
Genomic analyses of visual cognition: perceptual rivalry and top-down control.
Association study in African-admixed populations across the Americas recapitulates asthma risk loci in non-African populations.
Genetic studies of accelerometer-based sleep measures yield new insights into human sleep behaviour.
Thyrotropin receptor antibodies and a genetic hint in antithyroid drug-induced adverse drug reactions.
Functional genomic analyses uncover APOE-mediated regulation of brain and cerebrospinal fluid beta-amyloid levels in Parkinson disease.
Integrative Genome-Wide Association Studies of eQTL and GWAS Data for Gout Disease Susceptibility.
Genetic overlap between endometriosis and endometrial cancer: evidence from cross-disease genetic correlation and GWAS meta-analyses.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies and functional assays decipher susceptibility genes for gastric cancer in Chinese populations.
Genome-wide association study of anti-Müllerian hormone levels in pre-menopausal women of late reproductive age and relationship with genetic determinants of reproductive lifespan.
Association of TRAP1 with Infliximab-Induced Mucosal Healing in Crohn's disease.
A genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for primary central nervous system lymphoma at 6p25.3 and 3p22.1: a LOC network study.
Genetic risk score combining six genetic variants associated with the cellular NRF2 expression levels correlates with Type 2 diabetes in the human population.
Using Adipose Measures from Health Care Provider-Based Imaging Data for Discovery.
Defects in the Exocyst-Cilia Machinery Cause Bicuspid Aortic Valve Disease and Aortic Stenosis.
Genome-Wide Associations of Global Electrical Heterogeneity ECG Phenotype: The ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) Study and CHS (Cardiovascular Health Study).
Variants at the APOE /C1/C2/C4 Locus Modulate Cholesterol Efflux Capacity Independently of High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis identifies five new loci for systemic lupus erythematosus.
Genome-wide association study reveals dynamic role of genetic variation in infant and early childhood growth.
A GWAS meta-analysis from 5 population-based cohorts implicates ion channel genes in the pathogenesis of irritable bowel syndrome.
Integrative genome analysis identified the KANNO blood group antigen as prion protein.
Genome-wide association studies of alcohol dependence, DSM-IV criterion count, and individual criteria.
Genome-wide analysis of emotional lability in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
Genetic data and cognitively defined late-onset Alzheimer's disease subgroups.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Blood Disorder-Related Variants Influencing Hemoglobin A1c With Implications for Glycemic Status in U.S. Hispanics/Latinos.
Genome-Wide Interaction and Pathway Association Studies for Body Mass Index.
A rare missense mutation in MYH6 associates with non-syndromic coarctation of the aorta.
Association study and fine-mapping major histocompatibility complex analysis of pemphigus vulgaris in a Han Chinese population.
Whole-genome sequencing association analysis of quantitative red blood cell phenotypes: The NHLBI TOPMed program.
Deep Learning of the Retina Enables Phenome- and Genome-wide Analyses of the Microvasculature.
Cross-ancestry genome-wide association studies of sex hormone concentrations in pre- and postmenopausal women.
Genome-wide meta-analysis revealed several genetic loci associated with serum uric acid levels in Korean population: an analysis of Korea Biobank data.
A multiancestry genome-wide association study of unexplained chronic ALT elevation as a proxy for nonalcoholic fatty liver disease with histological and radiological validation.
Genomic atlas of the human plasma proteome.
Pleiotropic predisposition to Alzheimer's disease and educational attainment: insights from the summary statistics analysis.
Characterising metabolomic signatures of lipid-modifying therapies through drug target mendelian randomisation.
A large Canadian cohort provides insights into the genetic architecture of human hair colour.
Genetic Factors Associated with Prostate Cancer Conversion from Active Surveillance to Treatment.
Genetics of 35 blood and urine biomarkers in the UK Biobank.
Genetic Risk for Smoking: Disentangling Interplay Between Genes and Socioeconomic Status.
GWAS of allometric body-shape indices in UK Biobank identifies loci suggesting associations with morphogenesis, organogenesis, adrenal cell renewal and cancer.
Methotrexate-related central neurotoxicity: clinical characteristics, risk factors and genome-wide association study in children treated for acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
A genome-wide scan on individual typology angle found variants at SLC24A2 associated with skin color variation in Chinese populations.
Genome-Wide Association Study And Polygenic Risk Scores Of Serum Dheas Levels In A Chilean Children Cohort.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Peripheral Artery Disease.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Novel Risk Loci for Sarcopenia in a Taiwanese Population.
Exome array identifies functional exonic biomarkers for pediatric dental caries.
Machine learning enables new insights into genetic contributions to liver fat accumulation.
Resistance to TST/IGRA conversion in Uganda: Heritability and Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genetic loci for lung function in Japanese adults with adjustment for exhaled nitric oxide levels as airway inflammation indicator.
Whole-Exome Sequencing and hiPSC Cardiomyocyte Models Identify <i>MYRIP</i>, <i>TRAPPC11</i>, and <i>SLC27A6</i> of Potential Importance to Left Ventricular Hypertrophy in an African Ancestry Population.
Twenty-Five Novel Loci for Carotid Intima-Media Thickness: A Genome-Wide Association Study in >45 000 Individuals and Meta-Analysis of >100 000 Individuals.
Fine-mapping and cell-specific enrichment at corneal resistance factor loci prioritize candidate causal regulatory variants.
Genetic associations with carotid intima-media thickness link to atherosclerosis with sex-specific effects in sub-Saharan Africans.
Genetic evaluation of dementia with Lewy bodies implicates distinct disease subgroups.
Shared genetic architectures of subjective well-being in East Asian and European ancestry populations.
Polygenic architecture and cardiovascular risk of familial combined hyperlipidemia.
A two-stage genome-wide association study of radiation-induced acute toxicity in head and neck cancer.
Associations between electronic devices use and common mental traits: A gene-environment interaction model using the UK Biobank data.
Identification of 90 NAFLD GWAS loci and establishment of NAFLD PRS and causal role of NAFLD in coronary artery disease.
Sequencing of 640,000 exomes identifies <i>GPR75</i> variants associated with protection from obesity.
Multivariate genome-wide association study on tissue-sensitive diffusion metrics highlights pathways that shape the human brain.
Novel Role for Caspase Recruitment Domain Family Member 14 and its Genetic Variant rs11652075 in Skin Filaggrin Homeostasis.
Genome-wide association study in the Taiwan biobank identifies four novel genes for human height: NABP2, RASA2, RNF41 and SLC39A5.
Integration of Transcriptome and Exome Genotyping Identifies Significant Variants with Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Heritability and genome-wide association study of blood pressure in Chinese adult twins.
Genome-wide association study reveals genetic variants associated with HIV-1C infection in a Botswana study population.
Identification of genetic effects underlying type 2 diabetes in South Asian and European populations.
Common and rare genetic variants that could contribute to severe otitis media in an Australian Aboriginal population.
First genome-wide association study of esophageal atresia identifies three genetic risk loci at <i>CTNNA3</i>, <i>FOXF1</i>/<i>FOXC2</i>/<i>FOXL1</i>, and <i>HNF1B</i>.
Exome-Wide Association Study Identifies East Asian-Specific Missense Variant MTHFR C136T Influencing Homocysteine Levels in Chinese Populations RH: ExWAS of tHCY in a Chinese Population.
Salicylic Acid and Risk of Colorectal Cancer: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Study.
Host genetic factors of COVID-19 susceptibility and disease severity in a Thai population.
Genome-wide analysis of 53,400 people with irritable bowel syndrome highlights shared genetic pathways with mood and anxiety disorders.
The genetic architecture of pneumonia susceptibility implicates mucin biology and a relationship with psychiatric illness.
Genome-wide analysis of genetic predisposition to common polygenic cancers.
Shared genetic influences on depression and menopause symptoms.
Novel susceptibility loci for steroid-associated osteonecrosis of the femoral head in systemic lupus erythematosus.
The impact of non-additive genetic associations on age-related complex diseases.
Genetic evidence for different adiposity phenotypes and their opposing influence on ectopic fat and risk of cardiometabolic disease.
Association between Genetic Variants and Cisplatin-Induced Nephrotoxicity: A Genome-Wide Approach and Validation Study.
Polygenic risk scores and the need for pharmacotherapy in neonatal abstinence syndrome.
Evaluate the effects of serum urate level on bone mineral density: a genome-wide gene-environment interaction analysis in UK Biobank cohort.
Rare variants discovery by extensive whole-genome sequencing of the Han Chinese population in Taiwan: Applications to cardiovascular medicine.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis of 88,250 individuals highlights pleiotropic mechanisms of five ocular diseases in UK Biobank.
Interaction of Polygenetic Variants for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Risk with Breastfeeding and Korean Balanced Diet to Influence Type 2 Diabetes Risk in Later Life in a Large Hospital-Based Cohort.
Multiethnic Genome-wide Association Study of Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes.
Discovery and fine-mapping of kidney function loci in first genome-wide association study in Africans.
Identification of shared loci associated with both Crohn's disease and leprosy in east Asians.
Carrot Consumption Frequency Associated with Reduced BMI and Obesity through the SNP Intermediary rs4445711.
Rare variant analysis in eczema identifies exonic variants in DUSP1, NOTCH4 and SLC9A4.
A generalized linear mixed model association tool for biobank-scale data.
Established risk loci for systemic lupus erythematosus at NCF2, STAT4, TNPO3, IRF5 and ITGAM associate with distinct clinical manifestations: a Danish genome-wide association study.
Genome-wide association analyses of symptom severity among clozapine-treated patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
Genetic susceptibility to patient-reported xerostomia among long-term oropharyngeal cancer survivors.
Genetic analysis of over half a million people characterises C-reactive protein loci.
A Genome-wide Association Study of Premolar Agenesis in a Chinese Population.
Genetic variants in ALDH1L1 and GLDC influence serine to glycine ratio in Hispanic children.
Genome-wide association study of stimulant dependence.
Identification of Recessively Inherited Genetic Variants Potentially Linked to Pancreatic Cancer Risk.
Secondary analyses for genome-wide association studies using expression quantitative trait loci.
Genetic regulation of post-translational modification of two distinct proteins.
Regulatory SNP of <i>RREB1</i> is Associated With Bone Mineral Density in Chinese Postmenopausal Osteoporosis Patients.
Improving brain age estimates with deep learning leads to identification of novel genetic factors associated with brain aging.
Pan-ancestry exome-wide association analyses of COVID-19 outcomes in 586,157 individuals.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of phytosterols reveals five novel loci and a detrimental effect on coronary atherosclerosis.
A cross-population atlas of genetic associations for 220 human phenotypes.
Multi-phenotype analyses of hemostatic traits with cardiovascular events reveal novel genetic associations.
Genome-wide association meta-analysis identifies 29 new acne susceptibility loci.
Genome-wide analysis of 102,084 migraine cases identifies 123 risk loci and subtype-specific risk alleles.
Genome-wide association study reveals novel loci for adult type 1 diabetes in a 5-year nested case-control study.
The role of circulating galectin-1 in type 2 diabetes and chronic kidney disease: evidence from cross-sectional, longitudinal and Mendelian randomisation analyses.
Citrus-Gene interaction and melanoma risk in the UK Biobank.
Genome-Wide Association Study of 2,093 Cases With Idiopathic Polyneuropathy and 445,256 Controls Identifies First Susceptibility Loci.
CYP11B1 variants influence skeletal maturation via alternative splicing.
ATAD3B and SKIL polymorphisms associated with antipsychotic-induced QTc interval change in patients with schizophrenia: a genome-wide association study.
Identification of Novel Genomic Variations in Susceptibility to Nonsyndromic Cleft Lip and Palate Patients.
Different Pigmentation Risk Loci for High-Risk Monosomy 3 and Low-Risk Disomy 3 Uveal Melanomas.
Effect of dietary calcium on the gender-specific association between polymorphisms in the PTPRD locus and osteoporosis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of alcohol use disorder in East Asians.
Identification of Functional Genetic Determinants of Cardiac Troponin T and I in a Multiethnic Population and Causal Associations With Atrial Fibrillation.
Identification of a shared genetic risk locus for Kawasaki disease and IgA vasculitis by a cross-phenotype meta-analysis.
Sex-Specific Causal Relations between Steroid Hormones and Obesity-A Mendelian Randomization Study.
FAT4 identified as a potential modifier of orofacial cleft laterality.
Genome-wide association study reveals an association between the HLA-DPB1<sup>∗</sup>02:01:02 allele and wheat-dependent exercise-induced anaphylaxis.
Discovery Genome-Wide Association Study of Body Composition in 4,386 Adults From the UK Biobank's Pilot Imaging Enhancement Study.
Mapping the human genetic architecture of COVID-19.
A Genome-Wide Association Study on Liver Stiffness Changes during Hepatitis C Virus Infection Cure.
A large-scale exome array analysis of venous thromboembolism.
Genome-wide Meta-analysis Identifies Novel Genes Associated with Recurrence and Progression in Non-muscle-invasive Bladder Cancer.
Family-Based Genome-Wide Association Study of Autism Spectrum Disorder in Middle Eastern Families.
Genetic discovery and risk characterization in type 2 diabetes across diverse populations.
Maternal smoking during pregnancy and risks to depression and anxiety in offspring: An observational study and genome-wide gene-environment interaction analysis in UK biobank cohort.
Genome-wide association study of phenotypes measuring progression from first cocaine or opioid use to dependence reveals novel risk genes.
Multi-ethnic genome-wide and HLA association study of total serum IgE.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Intracranial Artery Stenosis Followed by Phenome-Wide Association Study.
Insights into the genetic architecture of the human face.
Identification of a Risk Locus at 7p22.3 for Schizophrenia and Bipolar Disorder in East Asian Populations.
Exome Chip Analysis Identifies Low-Frequency and Rare Variants in MRPL38 for White Matter Hyperintensities on Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging.
Heterozygosity for a Pathogenic Variant in <i>SLC12A3</i> That Causes Autosomal Recessive Gitelman Syndrome Is Associated with Lower Serum Potassium.
Transethnic analysis of psoriasis susceptibility in South Asians and Europeans enhances fine-mapping in the MHC and genomewide.
Genomic insights in ascending aortic size and distensibility.
The Psoriasis Risk Allele <i>HLA-C*06:02</i> Shows Evidence of Association with Chronic or Recurrent Streptococcal Tonsillitis.
The UGT2A1/UGT2A2 locus is associated with COVID-19-related loss of smell or taste.
Whole-exome sequencing reveals a role of HTRA1 and EGFL8 in brain white matter hyperintensities.
Identification of a missense variant in SPDL1 associated with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Genetic and Metabolic Determinants of Plasma Levels of ANGPTL8.
<i>POLRMT</i> as a Novel Susceptibility Gene for Cardiotoxicity in Epirubicin Treatment of Breast Cancer Patients.
Polygenic risk score for atopic dermatitis in the Canadian population.
Genome-wide association study revealed novel candidate gene loci associated with soluble E-selectin levels in a Taiwanese population.
An assessment of the effect of the genotype on postoperative venous thromboembolism risk in 140,831 surgical patients.
Soluble Urokinase Plasminogen Activator Receptor: Genetic Variation and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Blacks.
Genetic and Metabolic Determinants of Atrial Fibrillation in a General Population Sample: The CHRIS Study.
A genome-wide association study on meat consumption in a Japanese population: the Japan Multi-Institutional Collaborative Cohort study.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomization study of blood copper levels and 213 deep phenotypes in humans.
Expanded COVID-19 phenotype definitions reveal distinct patterns of genetic association and protective effects.
Analyses of nicotine metabolism biomarker genetics stratified by sex in African and European Americans.
Suicide Related Phenotypes in a Bipolar Sample: Genetic Underpinnings.
Sortilin as a Biomarker for Cardiovascular Disease Revisited.
A Genome-Wide Association Study for Hypertensive Kidney Disease in Korean Men.
Genome-Wide Meta-Analysis Identifies Two Novel Risk Loci for Epilepsy.
Genetics of PlGF plasma levels highlights a role of its receptors and supports the link between angiogenesis and immunity.
A missense variant in SHARPIN mediates Alzheimer's disease-specific brain damages.
Confident identification of subgroups from SNP testing in RCTs with binary outcomes.
Regulatory variants in TCF7L2 are associated with thoracic aortic aneurysm.
Germline variants at SOHLH2 influence multiple myeloma risk.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Ustekinumab Response in Psoriasis.
Whole genome sequence analysis of platelet traits in the NHLBI trans-omics for precision medicine initiative.
Plasma biomarkers and genetics in the diagnosis and prediction of Alzheimer's disease.
NAFLD-related gene polymorphisms and all-cause and cause-specific mortality in an Asian population: the Shanghai Changfeng Study.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci for acute myeloid leukemia.
Whole-genome sequencing in diverse subjects identifies genetic correlates of leukocyte traits: The NHLBI TOPMed program.
Colorectal cancer risk susceptibility loci in a Swedish population.
Connecting genetic risk to disease end points through the human blood plasma proteome.
A Systematic Analysis of Protein-altering Exonic Variants in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
Genetic architecture of type 1 diabetes with low genetic risk score informed by 41 unreported loci.
Genetics of symptom remission in outpatients with COVID-19.
Cross-ancestry GWAS meta-analysis identifies six breast cancer loci in African and European ancestry women.
Novel prostate cancer susceptibility gene SP6 predisposes patients to aggressive disease.
A genome-wide association study identifies a novel candidate locus at the DLGAP1 gene with susceptibility to resistant hypertension in the Japanese population.
A genome-wide association study identifies novel susceptibility loci in chronic Chagas cardiomyopathy.
Inflammatory Protein Profiles in Plasma of Candidaemia Patients and the Contribution of Host Genetics to Their Variability.
Multivariate genome-wide analysis of education, socioeconomic status and brain phenome.
Key genetic variants associated with variation of milk oligosaccharides from diverse human populations.
Identification of 371 genetic variants for age at first sex and birth linked to externalising behaviour.
Genetic analysis in European ancestry individuals identifies 517 loci associated with liver enzymes.
Beyond factor H: The impact of genetic-risk variants for age-related macular degeneration on circulating factor-H-like 1 and factor-H-related protein concentrations.
Human genomics of the humoral immune response against polyomaviruses.
Novel genetic variants associated with brain functional networks in 18,445 adults from the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association identifies the first risk loci for psychosis in Alzheimer disease.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Novel Genetic Variants Associated With Anthropometric Traits in Koreans.
Imputation and Reanalysis of ExomeChip Data Identifies Novel, Conditional and Joint Genetic Effects on Parkinson's Disease Risk.
Nutrigenetic Interactions Might Modulate the Antioxidant and Anti-Inflammatory Status in Mastiha-Supplemented Patients With NAFLD.
Prioritization of candidate causal genes for asthma in susceptibility loci derived from UK Biobank.
The genetic architecture of the human thalamus and its overlap with ten common brain disorders.
Potential Novel Genes for Late-Onset Alzheimer's Disease in East-Asian Descent Identified by APOE-Stratified Genome-Wide Association Study.
Characterizing the Genetic Architecture of Parkinson's Disease in Latinos.
Genome-wide association study of vitamin D concentrations and bone mineral density in the African American-Diabetes Heart Study.
Genetic variation near CXCL12 is associated with susceptibility to HIV-related non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Genome-wide association study of more than 40,000 bipolar disorder cases provides new insights into the underlying biology.
Genome wide association study of HTLV-1-associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis in the Japanese population.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study identifies 27 loci associated with measures of hemolysis following blood storage.
Fine mapping and identification of serum urate loci in American Indians: The Strong Heart Family Study.
A genome-wide association study suggests correlations of common genetic variants with peritoneal solute transfer rates in patients with kidney failure receiving peritoneal dialysis.
Kallikrein augments the anticoagulant function of the protein C system in thrombin generation.
A genetic variant conferred high expression of CAV2 promotes pancreatic cancer progression and associates with poor prognosis.
A genome-wide association study of nausea incidence in varenicline-treated cigarette smokers.
Genome-wide association study of early-onset bipolar I disorder in the Han Taiwanese population.
Joint genome-wide association analyses identified 49 novel loci for age at natural menopause.
Genome-wide long non-coding RNA association study on Han Chinese women identifies lncHSAT164 as a novel susceptibility gene for breast cancer.
A genome-wide association study identifies 5 loci associated with frozen shoulder and implicates diabetes as a causal risk factor.
Identification of novel genetic susceptibility loci for thoracic and abdominal aortic aneurysms via genome-wide association study using the UK Biobank Cohort.
Genome-wide association study identifies multiple genetic loci for skin color in Korean women.
Genome-wide association study and functional follow-up identifies 14q12 as a candidate risk locus for cervical cancer.
Genetic factors of idiopathic central precocious puberty and their polygenic risk in early puberty.
Traumatic events during childhood and its risks to substance use in adulthood: an observational and genome-wide by environment interaction study in UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study in patients with pulmonary <i>Mycobacterium avium</i> complex disease.
Genetic underpinnings of sociability in the general population.
Identification of two novel bullous pemphigoid- associated alleles, HLA-DQA1*05:05 and -DRB1*07:01, in Germans.
Association between Human Genetic Variants and the Vaginal Bacteriome of Pregnant Women.
Identification of 969 protein quantitative trait loci in an African American population with kidney disease attributed to hypertension.
The genetic architecture of human cortical folding.
Combined effects of host genetics and diet on human gut microbiota and incident disease in a single population cohort.
Metabolic GWAS of elite athletes reveals novel genetically-influenced metabolites associated with athletic performance.
Genome-Wide association study of quantitative biomarkers identifies a novel locus for alzheimer's disease at 12p12.1.
Insights on Genetic and Environmental Factors in Parkinson's Disease from a Regional Swedish Case-Control Cohort.
Genome-Wide Association and Mendelian Randomization Analysis Reveal the Causal Relationship Between White Blood Cell Subtypes and Asthma in Africans.
Comprehensive genetic analysis of the human lipidome identifies loci associated with lipid homeostasis with links to coronary artery disease.
Discovery of new genetic loci for male sexual orientation in Han population.
Discovery and systematic characterization of risk variants and genes for coronary artery disease in over a million participants.
Meta-GWAS Reveals Novel Genetic Variants Associated with Urinary Excretion of Uromodulin.
Genome-Wide Association Study Adjusted for Occupational and Environmental Factors for Bladder Cancer Susceptibility.
A genome-wide association study of suicide attempts in the million veterans program identifies evidence of pan-ancestry and ancestry-specific risk loci.
Genome-wide association study identifies tumor anatomical site-specific risk variants for colorectal cancer survival.
Genome-wide association study for four measures of epigenetic age acceleration and two epigenetic surrogate markers using DNA methylation data from Taiwan biobank.
Genome-Wide Identification of Rare and Common Variants Driving Triglyceride Levels in a Nevada Population.
A cross-platform approach identifies genetic regulators of human metabolism and health.
Genome-wide association study on 13,167 individuals identifies regulators of blood CD34+ cell levels.
Genome-wide analysis identify novel germline genetic variations in <i>ADCY1</i> influencing platinum-based chemotherapy response in non-small cell lung cancer.
Genomewide meta-analysis identifies loci associated with IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels with impact on age-related traits.
Genetic Variants Associated with Cytomegalovirus Infection after Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation.
Genome-wide association study of primary dysmenorrhea in the Taiwan Biobank validates associations near the NGF and IL1 gene loci.
Recessive Genome-wide Meta-analysis Illuminates Genetic Architecture of Type 2 Diabetes.
Blood copper and risk of cardiometabolic diseases-A Mendelian randomization study.
Genetic overlap analysis of endometriosis and asthma identifies shared loci implicating sex hormones and thyroid signalling pathways.
Genome-wide association study of aromatase inhibitor discontinuation due to musculoskeletal symptoms.
Genome-Wide Polygenic Risk Score for Predicting High Risk Glaucoma Individuals of Han Chinese Ancestry.
Association of Genetic Variant at Chromosome 12q23.1 With Neuropathic Pain Susceptibility.
Metabolomic Quantitative Trait Loci (mQTL) Mapping Implicates the Ubiquitin Proteasome System in Cardiovascular Disease Pathogenesis.
Identification of a locus near ULK1 associated with progression-free survival in ovarian cancer.
Association of SUMOlation Pathway Genes With Stroke in a Genome-wide Association Study in India.
Genetically determined hypoalbuminemia as a risk factor for hypertension: instrumental variable analysis.
GWAS of serum ALT and AST reveals an association of SLC30A10 Thr95Ile with hypermanganesemia symptoms.
A multi-omics study links TNS3 and SEPT7 to long-term former smoking NSCLC survival.
<i>ALDH2</i> p.E504K Variation and Sex Are Major Factors Associated with Current and Quitting Alcohol Drinking in Japanese Oldest Old.
Glucose hypometabolism in the Auditory Pathway in Age Related Hearing Loss in the ADNI cohort.
Genome-wide association studies identify novel genetic loci for epigenetic age acceleration among survivors of childhood cancer.
A large-scale genome-wide cross-trait analysis reveals shared genetic architecture between Alzheimer's disease and gastrointestinal tract disorders.
Genetic variants at the <i>RTP4/MASP1</i> locus are associated with fatigue in Scandinavian patients with primary Sjögren's syndrome.
Genome-wide association analyses highlight etiological differences underlying newly defined subtypes of diabetes.
Multi-stage metabolomics and genetic analyses identified metabolite biomarkers of metabolic syndrome and their genetic determinants.
A Genome-Wide Association Study and Polygenic Risk Score Analysis of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Metabolic Syndrome in a South African Population.
Identification of seven novel loci associated with amino acid levels using single-variant and gene-based tests in 8545 Finnish men from the METSIM study.
APOE and KLF14 genetic variants are sex-specific for low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol identified by a genome-wide association study.
<i>PRICKLE1</i> × <i>FOCAD</i> Interaction Revealed by Genome-Wide vQTL Analysis of Human Facial Traits.
Platelet response to aspirin in UK and Irish pregnancy cohorts: a genome-wide approach.
A reference map of potential determinants for the human serum metabolome.
Role of Sex on the Genetic Susceptibility to Childhood Asthma in Latinos and African Americans.
Association Between NEDD4L Variation and the Genetic Risk of Acute Appendicitis: A Multi-institutional Genome-Wide Association Study.
Shared Genetic Liability and Causal Associations Between Major Depressive Disorder and Cardiovascular Diseases.
Polygenetic Variants Related to Osteoarthritis Risk and Their Interactions with Energy, Protein, Fat, and Alcohol Intake in Adults in a Large Cohort.
Two polymorphic gene loci associated with treprostinil dose in pulmonary arterial hypertension.
Leveraging Northern European population history: novel low-frequency variants for polycystic ovary syndrome.
Unveiling Genetic Variants Underlying Vitamin D Deficiency in Multiple Korean Cohorts by a Genome-Wide Association Study.
Genomic Association vs. Serological Determination of ABO Blood Types in a Chinese Cohort, with Application in Mendelian Randomization.
Multi-trait genetic analysis identifies auto-immune loci associated with cutaneous melanoma.
Transferability of genetic loci and polygenic scores for cardiometabolic traits in British Pakistani and Bangladeshi individuals.
Association of Essential Tremor With Novel Risk Loci: A Genome-Wide Association Study and Meta-analysis.
Using genetic variation to disentangle the complex relationship between food intake and health outcomes.
Serum Uromodulin and Mortality Risk in Patients Undergoing Coronary Angiography.
Whole exome sequence analysis in 51 624 participants identifies novel genes and variants associated with refractive error and myopia.
A Whole-Genome Sequencing Association Study of Low Bone Mineral Density Identifies New Susceptibility Loci in the Phase I Qatar Biobank Cohort.
Genetic Variants Relate to Fasting Plasma Glucose, 2-Hour Postprandial Glucose, Glycosylated Hemoglobin, and BMI in Prediabetes.
Identification of genetic risk loci and prioritization of genes and pathways for myasthenia gravis: a genome-wide association study.
Common X-Chromosome Variants Are Associated with Parkinson Disease Risk.
Epigenomic and transcriptomic analyses define core cell types, genes and targetable mechanisms for kidney disease.
Phenome risk classification enables phenotypic imputation and gene discovery in developmental stuttering.
Whole genome sequencing reveals host factors underlying critical Covid-19.
Nucleosides Associated With Incident Ischemic Stroke in the REGARDS and JHS Cohorts.
A Multi-center Genome-wide Association Study of Cervical Dystonia.
The genetic and epigenetic profile of serum S100β in the Lothian Birth Cohort 1936 and its relationship to Alzheimer's disease.
Trans-ethnic genome-wide association study of blood metabolites in the chronic renal insufficiency cohort (CRIC) study.
A genome-wide search for determinants of survival in 1926 patients with advanced colorectal cancer with follow-up in over 22,000 patients.
A genome-wide association study on adherence to low-carbohydrate diets in Japanese.
Association of Novel Locus With Rheumatic Heart Disease in Black African Individuals: Findings From the RHDGen Study.
Identifying novel genetic variants for brain amyloid deposition: a genome-wide association study in the Korean population.
Genetic Meta-Analysis of Twin Birth Weight Shows High Genetic Correlation with Singleton Birth Weight.
No evidence that vitamin D is able to prevent or affect the severity of COVID-19 in individuals with European ancestry: a Mendelian randomisation study of open data.
Variance-quantitative trait loci enable systematic discovery of gene-environment interactions for cardiometabolic serum biomarkers.
A Genome-Wide Association Study of Age-Related Hearing Impairment in Middle- and Old-Aged Chinese Twins.
Phenotypic and genetic analysis of a wellbeing factor score in the UK Biobank and the impact of childhood maltreatment and psychiatric illness.
Multitrait genetic association analysis identifies 50 new risk loci for gastro-oesophageal reflux, seven new loci for Barrett's oesophagus and provides insights into clinical heterogeneity in reflux diagnosis.
Genome Wide Association Study Identifies Risk Loci For Cluster Headache.
Pathway Association Studies Reveal Gene Loci and Pathway Networks that Associated With Plasma Cystatin C Levels.
Genome-wide association study identified INSC gene associated with Trail Making Test Part A and Alzheimer's disease related cognitive phenotypes.
Common and rare variant association analyses in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis identify 15 risk loci with distinct genetic architectures and neuron-specific biology.
GWAS META-analysis followed by MENDELIAN randomisation revealed potential control mechanisms for circulating α-klotho levels.
A Swedish Genome-Wide Haplotype Association Analysis Identifies a Novel Breast Cancer Susceptibility Locus in 8p21.2 and Characterizes Three Loci on Chromosomes 10, 11 and 16.
Ethnic differences in the frequency of β-amyloid deposition in cognitively normal individuals.
Genome-wide interaction study with major depression identifies novel variants associated with cognitive function.
Common variants contribute to intrinsic human brain functional networks.
Shared Genetics and Causality Between Decaffeinated Coffee Consumption and Neuropsychiatric Diseases: A Large-Scale Genome-Wide Cross-Trait Analysis and Mendelian Randomization Analysis.
Common genetic variation in alcohol-related hepatocellular carcinoma: a case-control genome-wide association study.
Genome-Wide Association Study (GWAS) of dental caries in diverse populations.
<i>CDH12</i> as a Candidate Gene for Kidney Injury in Posterior Urethral Valve Cases: A Genome-wide Association Study Among Patients with Obstructive Uropathies.
Meta-GWAS of PCSK9 levels detects two novel loci at APOB and TM6SF2.
Shared genetic study gives insights into the shared and distinct pathogenic immunity components of IgA nephropathy and SLE.
Genome-Wide association between EYA1 and Aspirin-induced peptic ulceration.
An association between chronic widespread pain and the gut microbiome.
Genome-wide association study of susceptibility loci for TCF3-PBX1 acute lymphoblastic leukemia in children.
Associations between pancreatic expression quantitative traits and risk of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma.
The genetic underpinnings of variation in ages at menarche and natural menopause among women from the multi-ethnic Population Architecture using Genomics and Epidemiology (PAGE) Study: A trans-ethnic meta-analysis.
Role of Common Genetic Variants for Drug-Resistance to Specific Anti-Seizure Medications.
High heritability of ascending aortic diameter and trans-ancestry prediction of thoracic aortic disease.
Genome-wide association study of occupational attainment as a proxy for cognitive reserve.
Multinational Genome-Wide Association Study and Functional Genomics Analysis Implicates Decreased SIRT3 Expression Underlying Intracranial Aneurysm Risk.
Cross-phenotype analysis of Immunochip data identifies <i>KDM4C</i> as a relevant <i>locus</i> for the development of systemic vasculitis.
Genome Wide Association Study Identifies Two Novel Loci Associated with Female Stress and Urgency Urinary Incontinence.
Pleiotropy method reveals genetic overlap between orofacial clefts at multiple novel loci from GWAS of multi-ethnic trios.
Identification of OCA2 as a novel locus for the co-morbidity of asthma-plus-eczema.
Chromosomal Region 11p14.1 is Associated with Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Bisoprolol.
A novel rare CUBN variant and three additional genes identified in Europeans with and without diabetes: results from an exome-wide association study of albuminuria.
A genome-wide cross-trait analysis identifies shared loci and causal relationships of type 2 diabetes and glycaemic traits with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Genome-wide association study identifies susceptibility loci of brain atrophy to NFIA and ST18 in Alzheimer's disease.
Gene-Based Analysis Reveals Sex-Specific Genetic Risk Factors of COPD.
GWAS identifies candidate susceptibility loci and microRNA biomarkers for acute encephalopathy with biphasic seizures and late reduced diffusion.
Genome-wide association study of periodontal pocketing in Finnish adults.
Human immunotypes impose selection on viral genotypes through viral epitope specificity.
Gut microbiota is associated with bone mineral density : an observational and genome-wide environmental interaction analysis in the UK Biobank cohort.
Clonal Hematopoiesis Mutations in Patients with Lung Cancer Are Associated with Lung Cancer Risk Factors.
An international genome-wide meta-analysis of primary biliary cholangitis: novel risk loci and candidate drugs.
Genome-Wide Association of New-Onset Hypertension According to Renin Concentration: The Korean Genome and Epidemiology Cohort Study.
A multi-population phenome-wide association study of genetically-predicted height in the Million Veteran Program.
Predicting physiological aging rates from a range of quantitative traits using machine learning.
Genome-wide association study reveals novel genetic loci: a new polygenic risk score for mitral valve prolapse.
Treatment- and population-specific genetic risk factors for anti-drug antibodies against interferon-beta: a GWAS.
IRF7 and RNH1 are modifying factors of HIV-1 reservoirs: a genome-wide association analysis.
Investigation of common, low-frequency and rare genome-wide variation in anorexia nervosa.
Genome-wide association studies of stress score in a Korean Cohort.
Whole-exome sequencing reveals insights into genetic susceptibility to Congenital Zika Syndrome.
A genome-wide association study of the frailty index highlights brain pathways in ageing.
Large trans-ethnic meta-analysis identifies AKR1C4 as a novel gene associated with age at menarche.
Single nucleotide variations in ZBTB46 are associated with post-thrombolytic parenchymal haematoma.
Genome-wide association study of frontotemporal dementia identifies a C9ORF72 haplotype with a median of 12-G4C2 repeats that predisposes to pathological repeat expansions.
Genome-Wide Association Meta-Analysis Supports Genes Involved in Valve and Cardiac Development to Associate With Mitral Valve Prolapse.
Similar Genetic Architecture of Alzheimer's Disease and Differential <i>APOE</i> Effect Between Sexes.
A genome-wide association study of quantitative computed tomographic emphysema in Korean populations.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Alzheimer's Disease Brain Imaging Biomarkers and Neuropsychological Phenotypes in the European Medical Information Framework for Alzheimer's Disease Multimodal Biomarker Discovery Dataset.
Large-scale GWAS of food liking reveals genetic determinants and genetic correlations with distinct neurophysiological traits.
Sex-specific genetic modifiers identified susceptibility of cold stored red blood cells to osmotic hemolysis.
Novel genetic variants associated with inhaled corticosteroid treatment response in older adults with asthma.
Genome-wide association study identifies genetic risk loci for adiposity in a Taiwanese population.
Ancestral diversity improves discovery and fine-mapping of genetic loci for anthropometric traits-The Hispanic/Latino Anthropometry Consortium.
Uncovering a Genetic Polymorphism Located in Huntingtin Associated Protein 1 in Modulation of Central Pain Sensitization Signaling Pathways.
3D facial phenotyping by biometric sibling matching used in contemporary genomic methodologies.
Genetic and environmental determinants of diastolic heart function.
Multi-Omics Characterization of Early- and Adult-Onset Major Depressive Disorder.
Multiomics analysis of rheumatoid arthritis yields sequence variants that have large effects on risk of the seropositive subset.
A Genome-Wide Association Study and Machine-Learning Algorithm Analysis on the Prediction of Facial Phenotypes by Genotypes in Korean Women.
Clinical significance of germline telomere length and associated genetic factors in patients with neuroblastoma.
Different responses to risperidone treatment in Schizophrenia: a multicenter genome-wide association and whole exome sequencing joint study.
Causality of abdominal obesity on cognition: a trans-ethnic Mendelian randomization study.
Genome-wide analysis provides genetic evidence that ACE2 influences COVID-19 risk and yields risk scores associated with severe disease.
The power of genetic diversity in genome-wide association studies of lipids.
Considering hormone-sensitive cancers as a single disease in the UK biobank reveals shared aetiology.
Your height affects your health: genetic determinants and health-related outcomes in Taiwan.
Genome-wide association study of actinic keratosis identifies new susceptibility loci implicated in pigmentation and immune regulation pathways.
Identification of genetic loci simultaneously associated with multiple cardiometabolic traits.
UACA locus is associated with breast cancer chemoresistance and survival.
Lifestyle factors and genetic variants on two biological age measures: evidence from 94,443 Taiwan Biobank participants.
A genome-wide association study of obstructive heart defects among participants in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study.
Monogenic and Polygenic Contributions to QTc Prolongation in the Population.
High-density lipoprotein 3 cholesterol and primary open-angle glaucoma: metabolomics and mendelian randomization analyses.
GWAS identifies two common loci associated with pigment dispersion syndrome/pigmentary glaucoma and implicate myopia in its development.
Genome-wide association study of 7661 Chinese Han individuals and fine-mapping major histocompatibility complex identifies HLA-DRB1 as associated with IgA vasculitis.
Genetic and observational evidence: No independent role for cholesterol efflux over static HDL concentration measures in CHD risk assessment.
Identification of genetic loci associated with facial wrinkles in a large Korean population.
Deep learning enables genetic analysis of the human thoracic aorta.
Pharmacogenomic Study of Statin-Associated Muscle Symptoms in the ODYSSEY OUTCOMES Trial.
BIRC6 modifies risk of invasive bacterial infection in Kenyan children.
Maternal selenium levels and whole genome screen in recurrent spontaneous preterm birth population: A nested case control study.
Associations between age of menarche and genetic variation in women of African descent: genome-wide association study and polygenic score analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analyses reveal novel loci for verbal short-term memory and learning.
Whole Genome Association Study of the Plasma Metabolome Identifies Metabolites Linked to Cardiometabolic Disease in Black Individuals.
Multi-ancestry genetic study of type 2 diabetes highlights the power of diverse populations for discovery and translation.
Genome-wide associations of aortic distensibility suggest causality for aortic aneurysms and brain white matter hyperintensities.
Whole Genome Sequence Analysis of the Plasma Proteome in Black Adults Provides Novel Insights Into Cardiovascular Disease.
Discovery and prioritization of variants and genes for kidney function in >1.2 million individuals.
Susceptibility Loci for Type 2 Diabetes in the Ethnically Endogamous Indian Sindhi Population: A Pooled Blood Genome-Wide Association Study.
Gene-Based Variant Analysis of Whole-Exome Sequencing in Relation to Eosinophil Count.
Cross-ancestry genome-wide meta-analysis of 61,047 cases and 947,237 controls identifies new susceptibility loci contributing to lung cancer.
Genome-wide analyses of individual differences in quantitatively assessed reading- and language-related skills in up to 34,000 people.
Genome-wide association study identifies first locus associated with susceptibility to cerebral venous thrombosis.
Genome-wide study for circulating metabolites identifies 62 loci and reveals novel systemic effects of LPA.
Large-scale machine-learning-based phenotyping significantly improves genomic discovery for optic nerve head morphology.
Integrative Pathway Analysis of SNP and Metabolite Data Using a Hierarchical Structural Component Model.
Transcriptome-wide association study of HIV-1 acquisition identifies <i>HERC1</i> as a susceptibility gene.
Genetic Determinants of Survival in Parkinson's Disease in the Asian Population.
Genome-Wide Association Study Suggests the Variant rs7551288*A within the <i>DHCR24</i> Gene Is Associated with Poor Overall Survival in Melanoma Patients.
Enhancing Discovery of Genetic Variants for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Through Integration of Quantitative Phenotypes and Trauma Exposure Information.
Bi-ancestral depression GWAS in the Million Veteran Program and meta-analysis in >1.2 million individuals highlight new therapeutic directions.
Genetic association studies of alterations in protein function expose recessive effects on cancer predisposition.
A large multiethnic GWAS meta-analysis of cataract identifies new risk loci and sex-specific effects.
Genetic architecture of 11 organ traits derived from abdominal MRI using deep learning.
Trans-ancestry analysis reveals genetic and nongenetic associations with COVID-19 susceptibility and severity.
Insomnia affects the levels of plasma bilirubin and protein metabolism: an observational study and GWGEIS in UK Biobank cohort.
Novel loci and potential mechanisms of major depressive disorder, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia.
Variants in BANK1 are associated with lupus nephritis of European ancestry.
Genome-wide association studies identify 137 genetic loci for DNA methylation biomarkers of aging.
Genome-wide association analysis of metabolic syndrome quantitative traits in the GENNID multiethnic family study.
Association between polygenetic risk scores related to sarcopenia risk and their interactions with regular exercise in a large cohort of Korean adults.
Integrative omics provide biological and clinical insights into acute respiratory distress syndrome.
Genome-Wide Association Studies of Conotruncal Heart Defects with Normally Related Great Vessels in the United States.
Genetic Susceptibility for Low Testosterone in Men and Its Implications in Biology and Screening: Data from the UK Biobank.
Search for genetic loci involved in the constitution and skin type of a Japanese women using a genome-wide association study.
TCERG1L allelic variation is associated with cisplatin-induced hearing loss in childhood cancer, a PanCareLIFE study.
Analysis of genetic and clinical factors associated with buprenorphine response.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Korean Asthmatics: A Comparison With UK Asthmatics.
Genetic underpinnings of affective temperaments: a pilot GWAS investigation identifies a new genome-wide significant SNP for anxious temperament in ADGRB3 gene.
Association analysis of juvenile idiopathic arthritis genetic susceptibility factors in Estonian patients.
Association of genetic variants for plasma LRG1 with rapid decline in kidney function in patients with type 2 diabetes.
Genome-Wide Analysis of Sex Disparities in the Genetic Architecture of Lung and Colorectal Cancers.
Genome-wide association study followed by trans-ancestry meta-analysis identify 17 new risk loci for schizophrenia.
The genetic architecture of age-related hearing impairment revealed by genome-wide association analysis.
Genetic variants of CYP4F12 gene are associated with glioma susceptibility.
Genetic, Clinical, and Sociodemographic Factors Associated With Stimulant Treatment Outcomes in ADHD.
Adverse Cardiovascular Outcomes and Antihypertensive treatment: A Genome-Wide Interaction Meta-Analysis in the International Consortium for Antihypertensive Pharmacogenomics Studies (ICAPS).
Genome-wide association study identifies TNFSF15associated with childhood asthma.
Novel Alzheimer's disease risk variants identified based on whole-genome sequencing of APOE ε4 carriers.
Novel loci and mapuche genetic ancestry are associated with pubertal growth traits in Chilean boys.
Genome-wide association studies of toxicity to oxaliplatin and fluoropyrimidine chemotherapy with or without cetuximab in 1800 patients with advanced colorectal cancer.
Genome-Wide Association Study Meta-Analysis for Parkinson Disease Motor Subtypes.
Genomic and pleiotropic analyses of resting QT interval identifies novel loci and overlap with atrial electrical disorders.
The Mediation Effects of Aluminum in Plasma and Dipeptidyl Peptidase Like Protein 6 (DPP6) Polymorphism on Renal Function via Genome-Wide Typing Association.
Genome-wide association of phenotypes based on clustering patterns of hand osteoarthritis identify <i>WNT9A</i> as novel osteoarthritis gene.
An Expanded Genome-Wide Association Study of Fructosamine Levels Identifies RCN3 as a Replicating Locus and Implicates FCGRT as the Effector Transcript.
Genome-wide association study identifies 18 novel loci associated with left atrial volume and function.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Motor Coordination.
Identification of a Novel Genetic Marker for Risk of Degenerative Rotator Cuff Disease Surgery in the UK Biobank.
Mapping genomic loci implicates genes and synaptic biology in schizophrenia.
Differences and commonalities in the genetic architecture of protein quantitative trait loci in European and Arab populations.
Identification and functional validation of HLA-C as a potential gene involved in colorectal cancer in the Korean population.
Genome-wide association study of cerebellar volume provides insights into heritable mechanisms underlying brain development and mental health.
Higher polygenic risk for melanoma is associated with improved survival in a high ultraviolet radiation setting.
Multi-ethnic GWAS and fine-mapping of glycaemic traits identify novel loci in the PAGE Study.
A common deletion at BAK1 reduces enhancer activity and confers risk of intracranial germ cell tumors.
A first update on mapping the human genetic architecture of COVID-19.
Differences in the genetic architecture of common and rare variants in childhood, persistent and late-diagnosed attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Performance of the Use of Genetic Information to Assess the Risk of Colorectal Cancer in the Basque Population.
COVID-19 in pediatrics: Genetic susceptibility.
Identification of 14 novel susceptibility loci for diaphragmatic hernia development and their biological and clinical implications: results from the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide meta-analysis of insomnia prioritizes genes associated with metabolic and psychiatric pathways.
Genome-wide meta-analysis for Alzheimer's disease cerebrospinal fluid biomarkers.
The Aldehyde Dehydrogenase ALDH2*2 Allele, Associated with Alcohol Drinking Behavior, Dates Back to Prehistoric Times.
Mendelian Randomization Analysis Reveals No Causal Relationship Between Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease and Severe COVID-19.
Meta-analysis of genome-wide association studies identifies ancestry-specific associations underlying circulating total tau levels.
A multi-ethnic whole genome sequencing study to identify novel loci for bone mineral density.
Genome-wide association analyses identify new Brugada syndrome risk loci and highlight a new mechanism of sodium channel regulation in disease susceptibility.
Multi-ancestral GWAS identifies shared and Asian-specific loci for SLE and links type III interferon signaling and lysosomal function to the disease.
An Amish founder population reveals rare-population genetic determinants of the human lipidome.
Genome-wide association analyses identify CATSPERE as a mediator of colorectal cancer susceptibility and progression.
Genetic associations and architecture of asthma-chronic obstructive pulmonary disease overlap.
Characterization of the genetic architecture of infant and early childhood body mass index.
New insights into the genetic etiology of Alzheimer's disease and related dementias.
Minority-centric meta-analyses of blood lipid levels identify novel loci in the Population Architecture using Genomics and Epidemiology (PAGE) study.
Genetic, parental and lifestyle factors influence telomere length.
Genetic and phenotypic profiling of supranormal ejection fraction reveals decreased survival and underdiagnosed heart failure.
Genetic Associations with Immune-mediated Outcomes after Allogeneic Hematopoietic Cell Transplantation.
G protein-coupled receptor kinase 5 regulates thrombin signaling in platelets via PAR-1.
Antidepressant Treatment and Manic Switch in Bipolar I Disorder: A Clinical and Molecular Genetic Study.
Genome-wide association study of pain sensitivity assessed by questionnaire and the cold pressor test.
Genome-wide association study identifies three susceptibility loci for trichilemmal cysts.
An Integrated Clinical and Genetic Prediction Model for Tacrolimus Levels in Pediatric Solid Organ Transplant Recipients.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis and Genomic Prediction of Thyroglobulin Plasma Levels.
Risk of Revision After Arthroplasty Associated with Specific Gene Loci: A Genomewide Association Study of Single-Nucleotide Polymorphisms in 1,130 Twins Treated with Arthroplasty.
Genome-wide association study of problematic opioid prescription use in 132,113 23andMe research participants of European ancestry.
Whole exome sequencing identifies genetic variants in Chinese Han pregnant women with venous thromboembolism.
Genome-wide Interaction Study Implicates <i>VGLL2</i> and Alcohol Exposure and <i>PRL</i> and Smoking in Orofacial Cleft Risk.
Genetic Loci Associated With COVID-19 Positivity and Hospitalization in White, Black, and Hispanic Veterans of the VA Million Veteran Program.
Genome-wide association study of febrile seizures implicates fever response and neuronal excitability genes.
Genome-Wide Admixture Mapping of Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate and Chronic Kidney Disease Identify European and African Ancestry-of-Origin Loci in Hispanic and Latino Individuals in the United States.
Genome-wide studies reveal factors associated with circulating uromodulin and its relations with complex diseases.
Genome-wide association analyses of common infections in a large practice-based biobank.
GWAS on birth year infant mortality rates provides evidence of recent natural selection.
Genetics are not likely to offer clinically useful predictions for elevated liver enzyme levels in patients using low dose methotrexate.
Identification of novel genes influencing eosinophil-specific protein levels in asthma families.
Genome-wide Association Study of Lipid Traits in Youth With Type 2 Diabetes.
High Blood Pressure and Intraocular Pressure: A Mendelian Randomization Study.
A Population-Based Human In Vitro Approach to Quantify Inter-Individual Variability in Responses to Chemical Mixtures.
Exome-Wide Association Study Reveals Host Genetic Variants Likely Associated with the Severity of COVID-19 in Patients of European Ancestry.
Genetic Influences on Metabolite Levels: A Comparison across Metabolomic Platforms.
Metabolomic Architecture of Obesity Implicates Metabolonic Lactone Sulfate in Cardiometabolic Disease.
The interaction of early life factors and depression-associated loci affecting the age at onset of the depression.
Genetic Architecture of Plasma Alpha-Aminoadipic Acid Reveals a Relationship With High-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol.
A Polygenic Risk Score Based on a Cardioembolic Stroke Multitrait Analysis Improves a Clinical Prediction Model for This Stroke Subtype.
Large-Scale Prospective Genome-Wide Association Study of Oxaliplatin in Stage II/III Colon Cancer and Neuropathy.
Whole genome analysis in APOE4 homozygotes identifies the DAB1-RELN pathway in Alzheimer's disease pathogenesis.
A Genome-Wide Association Study Reveals Two Genetic Markers for Chondromalacia.
Genome-wide association study of SARS-CoV-2 infection in Chinese population.
Exome-wide age-of-onset analysis reveals exonic variants in ERN1 and SPPL2C associated with Alzheimer's disease.
Genetic evidence for a causal relationship between type 2 diabetes and peripheral artery disease in both Europeans and East Asians.
Perinatal depression is associated with a higher polygenic risk for major depressive disorder than non-perinatal depression.
Improving lithium dose prediction using population pharmacokinetics and pharmacogenomics: a cohort genome-wide association study in Sweden.
Novel variant in glycophorin c gene protects against ribavirin-induced anemia during chronic hepatitis C treatment.
A multilayered post-GWAS assessment on genetic susceptibility to pancreatic cancer.
Genome-wide association study of leprosy in Malawi and Mali.
Role of circulating polyunsaturated fatty acids on cardiovascular diseases risk: analysis using Mendelian randomization and fatty acid genetic association data from over 114,000 UK Biobank participants.
Shared genetics between autism spectrum disorder and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and their association with extraversion.
Identification of Novel Genetic Variants and Comorbidities Associated With ICD-10-Based Diagnosis of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Using the UK Biobank Cohort.
Whole exome sequencing of 14 389 individuals from the ESP and CHARGE consortia identifies novel rare variation associated with hemostatic factors.
A Comprehensive Pharmacogenomic Study Indicates Roles for SLCO1B1, ABCG2, and SLCO2B1 in Rosuvastatin Pharmacokinetics.
Impact of Evolutionary Changes in Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease on Lung Function Decline.
Characteristics of white blood cell count in acute lymphoblastic leukemia: A COST LEGEND phenotype-genotype study.
Multi-Ancestry Genome-wide Association Study Accounting for Gene-Psychosocial Factor Interactions Identifies Novel Loci for Blood Pressure Traits.
Large-scale genome-wide association study of coronary artery disease in genetically diverse populations.
Genetic analysis of dietary intake identifies new loci and functional links with metabolic traits.
Accounting for population structure in genetic studies of cystic fibrosis.
Genetic variation in <i>TERT</i> modifies the risk of hepatocellular carcinoma in alcohol-related cirrhosis: results from a genome-wide case-control study.
Genetic architecture of asthma in African American Patients.
Genome-wide association study in individuals of European and African ancestry and multi-trait analysis of opioid use disorder identifies 19 independent genome-wide significant risk loci.
Genome-wide association study across five cohorts identifies five novel loci associated with idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis.
Associations of genetic risk, BMI trajectories, and the risk of non-small cell lung cancer: a population-based cohort study.
Genome-wide Association and Meta-analysis of Age at Onset in Parkinson Disease: Evidence From the COURAGE-PD Consortium.
Genome-wide and phenome-wide analysis of ideal cardiovascular health in the VA Million Veteran Program.
Association with HLA-DRβ1 position 37 distinguishes juvenile Dermatomyositis from adult-onset myositis.
GAWMerge expands GWAS sample size and diversity by combining array-based genotyping and whole-genome sequencing.
Evaluating a Causal Relationship between Complement Factor I Protein Level and Advanced Age-Related Macular Degeneration Using Mendelian Randomization.
Multiancestry exome sequencing reveals INHBE mutations associated with favorable fat distribution and protection from diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of chronic spontaneous urticaria reveals genetic overlap with autoimmune diseases, not atopic diseases.
A multi-step genomic approach prioritized TBKBP1 gene as relevant for multiple sclerosis susceptibility.
A genome-wide association study for varicose veins.
Genome-Wide Analyses of Nephrotoxicity in Platinum-Treated Cancer Patients Identify Association with Genetic Variant in <i>RBMS3</i> and Acute Kidney Injury.
Weak Association Between Genetic Markers of Hyperuricemia and Cardiorenal Outcomes: Insights From the STANISLAS Study Cohort With a 20-Year Follow-Up.
Diverse ancestry whole-genome sequencing association study identifies <i>TBX5</i> and <i>PTK7</i> as susceptibility genes for posterior urethral valves.
Whole Exome Sequencing Enhanced Imputation Identifies 85 Metabolite Associations in the Alpine CHRIS Cohort.
The genetic architecture of blood pressure variability: A genome-wide association study of 9370 participants from UK Biobank.
Classification of early age facial growth pattern and identification of the genetic basis in two Korean populations.
Stroke genetics informs drug discovery and risk prediction across ancestries.
Genome-Wide Association Study on the Hematological Phenotypic Characteristics of the Han Population from Northwest China.
Elucidation of the genetic causes of bicuspid aortic valve disease.
Host Genetic Risk Factors for Chlamydia trachomatis-Related Infertility in Women.
Genome-wide association analyses of physical activity and sedentary behavior provide insights into underlying mechanisms and roles in disease prevention.
Genome-wide association of polygenic risk extremes for Alzheimer's disease in the UK Biobank.
Genome-wide association study meta-analysis identifies three novel loci for circulating anti-Müllerian hormone levels in women.
Genome-wide association studies of metabolites in Finnish men identify disease-relevant loci.
Comprehensive genomic analysis of dietary habits in UK Biobank identifies hundreds of genetic associations.
Genetic Variation in <i>PADI6-PADI4</i> on 1p36.13 Is Associated with Common Forms of Human Generalized Epilepsy.
Clotting factor genes are associated with preeclampsia in high-altitude pregnant women in the Peruvian Andes.
Genetic prediction of impulse control disorders in Parkinson's disease.
The influence of rare variants in circulating metabolic biomarkers.
Genetic associations with healthy ageing among Chinese adults.
Polygenic prediction of educational attainment within and between families from genome-wide association analyses in 3 million individuals.
Patterns of Convergence and Divergence Between Bipolar Disorder Type I and Type II: Evidence From Integrative Genomic Analyses.
Bayesian analysis of longitudinal traits in the Korea Association Resource (KARE) cohort.
Pharmacogenomic study of heart failure and candesartan response from the CHARM programme.
Genetic association study in myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome (ME/CFS) identifies several potential risk loci.
Genetic Variants Associated with Neuropeptide Y Autoantibody Levels in Newly Diagnosed Individuals with Type 1 Diabetes.
Genome-wide association study of COVID-19 severity among the Chinese population.
The BS variant of C4 protects against age-related loss of white matter microstructural integrity.
Genome-wide meta-analysis and omics integration identifies novel genes associated with diabetic kidney disease.
Association of Single-Nucleotide Variants in the Human Leukocyte Antigen and Other Loci With Childhood Hodgkin Lymphoma.
Associations between genetic loci, environment factors and mental disorders: a genome-wide survival analysis using the UK Biobank data.
Genome-wide variance quantitative trait locus analysis suggests small interaction effects in blood pressure traits.
Association of Polygenic Variants with Type 2 Diabetes Risk and Their Interaction with Lifestyles in Asians.
Polygenic Risk Score Improves Cataract Prediction in East Asian Population.
Impact of natriuretic peptide polymorphisms on diastolic and metabolic function in a populational cohort: insights from the STANISLAS cohort.
Genetic Factors Interact With Tobacco Smoke to Modify Risk for Inflammatory Bowel Disease in Humans and Mice.
Identification of novel and rare variants associated with handgrip strength using whole genome sequence data from the NHLBI Trans-Omics in Precision Medicine (TOPMed) Program.
Testosterone and socioeconomic position: Mendelian randomization in 306,248 men and women in UK Biobank.
Identification of Novel Genetic Variants Associated with Insomnia and Migraine Comorbidity.
The Genetic and Neural Substrates of Externalizing Behavior.
Association of sedentary and physical activity behaviours with body composition: a genome-wide association and Mendelian randomisation study.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association analyses identify novel genetic mechanisms in rheumatoid arthritis.
Population-scale analysis of common and rare genetic variation associated with hearing loss in adults.
Polygenic risk score for ACE-inhibitor-associated cough based on the discovery of new genetic loci.
Phenome-wide analysis of Taiwan Biobank reveals novel glycemia-related loci and genetic risks for diabetes.
Genome-Wide Association Study and Genetic Correlation Scan Provide Insights into Its Genetic Architecture of Sleep Health Score in the UK Biobank Cohort.
Genetic analyses of the electrocardiographic QT interval and its components identify additional loci and pathways.
Contribution of Common Genetic Variants to Risk of Early Onset Ischemic Stroke.
Genome-wide analyses identify <i>SCN5A</i> as a susceptibility locus for premature atrial contraction frequency.
Association of Gout Polygenic Risk Score with Age at Disease Onset and Tophaceous Disease in European and Polynesian Men with Gout.
Genetic Relationships between Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorder, and Intelligence.
Immune and spermatogenesis-related loci are involved in the development of extreme patterns of male infertility.
Genome-wide association and multi-omics studies identify MGMT as a novel risk gene for Alzheimer's disease among women.
Ancestry- and sex-specific effects underlying inguinal hernia susceptibility identified in a multiethnic genome-wide association study meta-analysis.
Polygenic resilience scores capture protective genetic effects for Alzheimer's disease.
Shared genetic susceptibility between trigger finger and carpal tunnel syndrome: a genome-wide association study.
A large genome-wide association study of QT interval length utilizing electronic health records.
Calcification of the abdominal aorta is an under-appreciated cardiovascular disease risk factor in the general population.
Multivariate genome-wide association study of depression, cognition, and memory phenotypes and validation analysis identify 12 cross-ethnic variants.
Multi-ancestry GWAS reveals excitotoxicity associated with outcome after ischaemic stroke.
Genome-wide association study for circulating FGF21 in patients with alcohol use disorder: Molecular links between the SNHG16 locus and catecholamine metabolism.
Identifying causal serum protein-cardiometabolic trait relationships using whole genome sequencing.
Genome Wide Association Studies of Variant-by-Thiazide Interaction on Lipids Identifies a Novel Low-Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol Locus.
Multi-trait genome-wide association study of opioid addiction: OPRM1 and beyond.
Boosting Schizophrenia Genetics by Utilizing Genetic Overlap With Brain Morphology.
Genome-Wide Investigation of Maximum Habitual Alcohol Intake in US Veterans in Relation to Alcohol Consumption Traits and Alcohol Use Disorder.
Whole genome sequence analysis of blood lipid levels in >66,000 individuals.
Genomic atlas of the proteome from brain, CSF and plasma prioritizes proteins implicated in neurological disorders.
Polymorphism rs10105606 of <i>LPL</i> as a Novel Risk Factor for Microalbuminuria.
Genetic architecture of orbital telorism.
Cross-ancestry meta-analysis of opioid use disorder uncovers novel loci with predominant effects in brain regions associated with addiction.
Metagenome-genome-wide association studies reveal human genetic impact on the oral microbiome.
A genome-wide analysis of 340 318 participants identifies four novel loci associated with the age of first spectacle wear.
Integrative genetic and immune cell analysis of plasma proteins in healthy donors identifies novel associations involving primary immune deficiency genes.
ANGPTL7, a therapeutic target for increased intraocular pressure and glaucoma.
Genomewide Association Study of Retinal Traits in the Amish Reveals Loci Influencing Drusen Development and Link to Age-Related Macular Degeneration.
A multi-environments-gene interaction study of anxiety, depression and self-harm in the UK Biobank cohort.
Genetic Analyses of Common Infections in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children Cohort.
Exome-wide association study to identify rare variants influencing COVID-19 outcomes: Results from the Host Genetics Initiative.
Genome-wide pleiotropy analysis identifies novel blood pressure variants and improves its polygenic risk scores.
Heritability and family-based GWAS analyses of the N-acyl ethanolamine and ceramide plasma lipidome.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study of gestational diabetes mellitus highlights genetic links with type 2 diabetes.
Local Ancestry Adjusted Allelic Association Analysis Robustly Captures Tuberculosis Susceptibility Loci.
COVID-19 and systemic lupus erythematosus genetics: A balance between autoimmune disease risk and protection against infection.
A prospective trial of abiraterone acetate plus prednisone in Black and White men with metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer.
Identification of five genetic variants with differential effects on obesity-related traits based on age.
<i>STXBP6</i> and <i>B3GNT6</i> Genes are Associated With Selective IgA Deficiency.
Pleiotropic modifiers of age-related diabetes and neonatal intestinal obstruction in cystic fibrosis.
Rare Coding Variants Associated With Electrocardiographic Intervals Identify Monogenic Arrhythmia Susceptibility Genes: A Multi-Ancestry Analysis.
Genome-wide association study for Chagas Cardiomyopathy identify a new risk locus on chromosome 18 associated with an immune-related protein and transcriptional signature.
Multivariate GWAS of Structural Dental Anomalies and Dental Caries in a Multi-Ethnic Cohort.
Genetic association and Mendelian randomization for hypothyroidism highlight immune molecular mechanisms.
Novel genetic associations with five aesthetic facial traits: A genome-wide association study in the Chinese population.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study of asthma exacerbations.
Investigating the shared genetic architecture of uterine leiomyoma and breast cancer: A genome-wide cross-trait analysis.
Association between genes regulating neural pathways for quantitative traits of speech and language disorders.
Genome-Wide Association Study on Adiponectin-Mediated Suppression of HDL-C Levels in Taiwanese Individuals Identifies Functional Haplotypes in CDH13.
Crosstalk between Host Genome and Metabolome among People with HIV in South Africa.
Genome-wide association study of pancreatic fat: The Multiethnic Cohort Adiposity Phenotype Study.
Genome-Wide Association Study of COVID-19 Outcomes Reveals Novel Host Genetic Risk Loci in the Serbian Population.
Multi-omics analysis identifies rare variation in leptin/PPAR gene sets and hypermethylation of ABCG1 contribute to antipsychotics-induced metabolic syndromes.
Genome-wide association analysis reveals insights into the genetic architecture of right ventricular structure and function.
Whole Exome Sequencing Revealed Variants That Predict Pulmonary Artery Involvement in Patients with Takayasu Arteritis.
Host Genetic Associations with Salivary Microbiome in Oral Cancer.
Identification of healthspan-promoting genes in Caenorhabditis elegans based on a human GWAS study.
Assessment of the genetic and clinical determinants of hip fracture risk: Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomization study.
Gene-Environment Interaction Analysis Incorporating Sex, Cardiometabolic Diseases, and Multiple Deprivation Index Reveals Novel Genetic Associations With COVID-19 Severity.
Genetic insights into smoking behaviours in 10,558 men of African ancestry from continental Africa and the UK.
Genome-wide association study of liver enzyme elevation in an extended cohort of rheumatoid arthritis patients starting low-dose methotrexate.
Genome-wide association and multi-trait analyses characterize the common genetic architecture of heart failure.
Genome-wide association study identifies novel genetic variants contributing to variation in blood metabolite levels.
Genome-wide association and Mendelian randomization study of fibroblast growth factor 21 reveals causal associations with hyperlipidemia and possibly NASH.
Inherited basis of visceral, abdominal subcutaneous and gluteofemoral fat depots.
Host genetic factors related to innate immunity, environmental sensing and cellular functions are associated with human skin microbiota.
Deciphering colorectal cancer genetics through multi-omic analysis of 100,204 cases and 154,587 controls of European and east Asian ancestries.
GWAS meta-analysis of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy implicates multiple hepatic genes and regulatory elements.
Genetic Variants Associated With Subjective Cognitive Decline in Patients With Migraine.
A genome-wide association study with tissue transcriptomics identifies genetic drivers for classic bladder exstrophy.
Smoking-interaction loci affect obesity traits: a gene-smoking stratified meta-analysis of 545,131 Europeans.
Genome-wide association analysis identifies a susceptibility locus for sporadic vestibular schwannoma at 9p21.
Genome-wide association study of SNP- and gene-based approaches to identify susceptibility candidates for lupus nephritis in the Han Chinese population.
Genome-Wide Interaction Analysis of Genetic Variants with Menopausal Hormone Therapy for Colorectal Cancer Risk.
Genome-wide Gene-by-Sex Interaction Studies Identify Novel Nonsyndromic Orofacial Clefts Risk Locus.
Genome-wide Association Study Shows That Executive Functioning Is Influenced by GABAergic Processes and Is a Neurocognitive Genetic Correlate of Psychiatric Disorders.
Genome-Wide Association Study of Incident Dementia in a Community-Based Sample of Older Subjects.
An atlas of genetic influences on human blood metabolites.
Genome-wide association studies in non-anxiety individuals identified novel risk loci for depression.
First report on genome wide association study in western Indian population reveals host genetic factors for COVID-19 severity and outcome.
Genome-wide association and functional interrogation identified a variant at 3p26.1 modulating ovarian cancer survival among Chinese women.
Whole-exome sequencing in 415,422 individuals identifies rare variants associated with mitochondrial DNA copy number.
Causal Association and Shared Genetics Between Asthma and COVID-19.
Case-case genome-wide association analysis identifying genetic loci with divergent effects on Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
Identification of Two Genetic Loci Associated with Leukopenia after Chemotherapy in Breast Cancer Patients.
Genome-wide association study in patients with posterior urethral valves.
Genetic and clinical determinants of abdominal aortic diameter: genome-wide association studies, exome array data and Mendelian randomization study.
Genetic polymorphism of pleiotrophin is associated with pain experience in Japanese adults: Case-control study.
Genetic loci implicated in meta-analysis of body shape in Africans.
Deep learning on resting electrocardiogram to identify impaired heart rate recovery.
mGWAS identification of six novel single nucleotide polymorphism loci with strong correlation to gastric cancer.
Genome-wide by Environment Interaction Study of Stressful Life Events and Hospital-Treated Depression in the iPSYCH2012 Sample.
Identifying shared genetic loci between coronavirus disease 2019 and cardiovascular diseases based on cross-trait meta-analysis.
Genome-wide association study of platelet factor 4/heparin antibodies in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
An Asian-specific MPL genetic variant alters JAK-STAT signaling and influences platelet count in the population.
Sex-dimorphic gene effects on survival outcomes in people with coronary artery disease.
A year of COVID-19 GWAS results from the GRASP portal reveals potential genetic risk factors.
A genome-wide association study of plasma concentrations of warfarin enantiomers and metabolites in sub-Saharan black-African patients.
Metabolome Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies 74 Novel Genomic Regions Influencing Plasma Metabolites Levels.
Dyslipidaemia-Genotype Interactions with Nutrient Intake and Cerebro-Cardiovascular Disease.
Identification of Novel Loci Shared by Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis Subtypes through Integrative Genetic Analysis.
The contribution of common and rare genetic variants to variation in metabolic traits in 288,137 East Asians.
The Australian Genetics of Depression Study: New Risk Loci and Dissecting Heterogeneity Between Subtypes.
A GWAS in idiopathic/unexplained infertile men detects a genomic region determining Follicle-stimulating hormone levels.
Genome-Wide Association Study Identifies Candidate Loci Associated with Opioid Analgesic Requirements in the Treatment of Cancer Pain.
Genome-wide association study of simvastatin pharmacokinetics.
Discovery of a genome-wide significant locus associated with antidepressant response in Han Chinese population.
Pharmacogenetics of dolutegravir plasma exposure among Southern Africans living with HIV.
Prominence of NUDT15 genetic variation associated with 6-mercaptopurine tolerance in a genome-wide association study of Japanese children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia.
Genome-Wide Association Analysis to Search for New Loci Associated with Lifelong Premature Ejaculation Risk in Chinese Male Han Population.
Genetic diversity fuels gene discovery for tobacco and alcohol use.
Pleiotropic genetic architecture and novel loci for C-reactive protein levels.
Common and rare variant associations with clonal haematopoiesis phenotypes.
CPNE3 moderates the association between anxiety and working memory.
Stratification of rheumatoid arthritis cohort using Ayurveda based deep phenotyping approach identifies novel genes in a GWAS.
ABO O blood group as a risk factor for platelet reactivity in heparin-induced thrombocytopenia.
Genetic variations within human gained enhancer elements affect human brain sulcal morphology.
Association between metformin medication, genetic variation and prostate cancer risk.
Identifying the Common Genetic Basis of Antidepressant Response.
Association of Polygenetic Risk Scores Related to Immunity and Inflammation with Hyperthyroidism Risk and Interactions between the Polygenetic Scores and Dietary Factors in a Large Cohort.
Genetic investigation of fibromuscular dysplasia identifies risk loci and shared genetics with common cardiovascular diseases.
The Pharmacogenetics of Statin Therapy on Clinical Events: No Evidence that Genetic Variation Affects Statin Response on Myocardial Infarction.
Genome-wide association study of REM sleep behavior disorder identifies polygenic risk and brain expression effects.
Circulating serum amyloid A levels but not SAA1 variants predict long-term outcomes of angiographically confirmed coronary artery disease.
Genetic association of IL17 and the importance of ABO blood group antigens in saliva to COVID-19.
Genome-wide scan identifies variation in MLXIPL associated with plasma triglycerides.
